schizophrenia patients whose medication could n't stop the imaginary voices in their heads gained some relief after researchers repeatedly sent a magnetic field into a small area of their brains .
scientists trying to fathom the mystery of schizophrenia say they have found the strongest evidence to date that the disabling psychiatric disorder is caused by gene abnormalities , according to a researcher at two state universities .
a yale school of medicine study is expanding upon what scientists know about the link between schizophrenia and nicotine addiction .
exploring chaos in a search for order , scientists who study the reality-shattering mental disease schizophrenia are becoming fascinated by the chemical environment of areas of the brain where perception is regulated .
schizophrenia may be one of the most baffling of mental illnesses , but the medical profession and society at large could be making much better use of what we do know about combating the devastating disorder , a major study has found .
cesarean babies may be more susceptible to schizophrenia than children born naturally , say canadian researchers who studied the effects of the operation on rats .
a family history of schizophrenia remains the best predictor of whether a person will develop the illness , but environmental influences like place and season of birth are also significant risk factors , according to the findings of a large epidemiological study by danish researchers .
schizophrenia , the devastating mental illness that afflicts an estimated 2.7 million americans , is rarely diagnosed until it becomes full-blown .
a massachusetts scientist who helped dispel the once widely held belief that schizophrenia came from bad mothering has won an albert lasker award , widely regarded as america 's nobel prize , for his lifetime achievement .
by the time most psychiatrists encounter schizophrenia , its symptoms are already in full flower , but scientists have long surmised that the illness starts much earlier , the demons beginning to nibble at the edges of young people 's lives well before the most flagrant psychosis appears .
the sense of smell , as marcel proust and his madeleine made clear , is intimately tied to feeling and memory , so it is perhaps not surprising that in schizophrenia , an illness that plays havoc with the emotional capacities of those who suffer from it , the sense of smell is impaired .
people 's palms and fingerprints may be used to diagnose schizophrenia and other mental disorders , a group of chinese psychiatrists announced .
china 's military has ordered soldiers to `` fight to the death '' to ensure that waterlogged dikes holding back the flooded yangtze river do not collapse , state media reported monday .
china was evacuating 330,000 people friday from land along the raging yangtze river that officials were preparing to sacrifice to flooding to safeguard cities downstream .
water levels upstream on the yangtze river rose sunday to their highest of the year , threatening more flooding downstream where soggy dikes have begun to crack .
china 's flood control headquarters sent an urgent appeal to soldiers and civilians already worn down from a summer-long battle against floods , urging them sunday to keep up the fight .
with the yangtze river 's latest flood crest weakening wednesday , chinese officials warned that diseases threatened to spread in crowded refugee camps .
this year 's serious swelling of the yangtze river has been caused by abnormal movement of the rain front in the areas along the middle and lower reaches of the river , according to a senior chinese hydrologist .
flood control experts warned today that flood situation along the yangtze river remains grim despite a favorable turn in the weather which has replaced torrential rain in the middle and lower reaches of the river with sunshine .
china today urged soldiers and civilians to persist to the end in the struggle against the worst flooding on several major rivers .
flooding on the yangtze river remains serious although water levels on parts of the river decreased today , according to the state headquarters of flood control and drought relief .
big floods are still possible in the yangtze river valley this summer , especially in the middle and upper reaches .
water levels at the middle and lower reaches of the yangtze river , china 's longest , started to recede today after the largest flood peak this year passed wuhan , capital of central china 's hubei province .
snoopy , perched on his doghouse in front of his typewriter , looks over a farewell message from creator charles schulz in the last new daily `` peanuts '' strip , running in newspapers monday .
the coincidence of charles schulz 's death one day before his final `` peanuts '' appeared in newspapers weighed heavily sunday on fans of charlie brown , snoopy and lucy .
cartoonist charles schulz has finally found a home for charlie brown , snoopy , linus and lucy , santa rosa 's most famous resident , who began drawing his `` peanuts '' strip in 1950 , is building a 17,000-square-foot museum as a repository for his half-century of work , a career interrupted by only a five-week vacation two years ago to celebrate his 75th birthday .
you 're on your own , charlie brown , after drawing more than 18,000 comic strips over a half-century about a pie-faced little loser who never got any smarter or any older , a boy whose best friends were grief and unease , who was regularly outsmarted by his own dog , charles schulz has decided to put down his pen and cut charlie brown some slack .
his message begins , with perfect rightness , `` dear friends '' , for who in the world does n't feel like a close personal pal of charlie brown , snoopy , linus , lucy and all the other pint-sized legends of `` peanuts '' ?
a self-portrait of charles schulz hangs above a doorway at the international museum of cartoon art in boca raton .
charles schulz , the creator of `` peanuts , '' the tender and sage comic strip starring charlie brown and snoopy that was read by 355 million people around the world , died in his sleep on saturday night at his home in santa rosa , calif. , just hours before his last cartoon ran in the sunday newspapers .
comics pages in newspapers around the world will be pretty much all-peanuts on saturday as a tribute to 50 years of humor and insight from the late charles schulz .
the comic strips in the nation 's newspapers today were supposed to be a surprise for one special man , at their convention last year in san antonio , members of the national cartoonists society hatched a loving prank .
charlie brown , lucy and linus were missing , but snoopy was there to play crew boss for assorted dignitaries at this week 's groundbreaking for the charles m. schulz museum and research center .
after vowing to combat fraud , online auction service ebay inc. finds itself the subject of a fraud investigation being conducted by the city 's department of consumer affairs .
when sotheby 's sold a harry s. truman signature that turned out to be a reproduction , the prestigious auction house apologized and bought it back .
at least two law enforcement agencies are investigating alleged fraud on ebay and other internet auction sites after consumers complained that they had been cheated .
all is not utopia in the brave new internet flea markets , just ask the customers of craig lee hare .
auctioning on the internet is one of the fastest-growing forms of electronic commerce , on a pace to reach $ 40 billion a year , according to some experts .
in one of the first cases of an internet company buying its traditional competitor , the electronic auction service ebay inc. agreed monday to acquire butterfield butterfield auctioneers corp. , san francisco 's largest auction house , for $ 260 million in stock .
when a company 's internet site breaks down , it usually means a minor annoyance for consumers and a costly embarassment to the web site owners .
two online car sites want to do for automobiles what ebay has done for trading cards and elvis knickknacks : namely , allow consumers to buy and sell vehicles via online auctions .
internet auction pioneer ebay yesterday invested in used car seller autotrader.com , and the two companies have created a co-branded web site for auctioning used vehicles .
how much would you pay for this newspaper , the day may be coming , thanks to the growing popularity of web auctions , when the consumer sets the price and merchants compete to comply .
for years , filmmaker michael mcnulty accused the government of lying about its actions during the seven-week confrontation with branch davidians that ended in fiery tragedy in 1993 .
attorney general janet reno today denied that recent revelations about the fbi 's use of tear gas during the 1993 branch davidian siege had strained her relations with fbi director louis freeh .
sifting through thousands of pages of documents provided four years ago to a congressional panel investigating the 1993 waco tragedy , a house democrat has turned up evidence that the justice department did notify congress about the fbi 's use of potentially incendiary tear gas .
an fbi lawyer ''goofed '' in not telling superiors in 1996 that federal agents fired pyrotechnic tear gas canisters into the branch davidians ' compound in waco , texas , a former senator who investigated the deadly raid said wednesday .
fbi director louis freeh , believing his agency 's credibility is in question , wants someone from outside the bureau to examine whether his agents helped set the deadly blaze at the branch davidian compound near waco in 1993 , an agency spokesman said tuesday .
the fbi released a new videotape friday in which a federal agent describes the use of incendiary tear gas grenades during the 1993 assault on the branch davidian compound near waco , texas .
the new york times said in an editorial for friday , sept. 10 : the naming of former sen. john danforth to conduct an independent inquiry into the fbi 's disastrous 1993 siege of the branch davidian compound in waco , texas , is a promising development .
in washington , deputy attorney general eric holder issued a statement praising danforth 's findings , `` today 's independent review sheds further light on the truth , and discredits many of the unsubstantiated allegations that have skewed the public 's perception of the events of april 19 , 1993 , '' holder said .
answering the `` dark questions '' that have lingered for seven years , john danforth said friday that blame for the bloodshed in waco rests entirely with branch davidians , not government agents .
the new york times said in an editorial on tuesday , july 25 : john danforth noted last friday that his inquiry into the 1993 waco disaster had been limited to `` whether government agents had engaged in bad acts , not whether they exercised bad judgment . ''
u.s. attorney general janet reno pledged thursday to investigate the truth of waco incident in which over 80 members of the branch davidian cult were killed as their compound in waco , texas , was set on fire on april 19 , 1993 .
the ioc opened a high-level investigation thursday into what one top olympic official described as `` bribes '' paid by the salt lake city bid committee to help secure the 2002 winter games .
what started as a local controversy in salt lake city has evolved into a full-blown international scandal .
the board of trustees overseeing the salt lake city olympics will meet in emergency session next week to dicuss the controversy surrounding alleged rules violations involving the bid for the 2002 winter games .
organizers of the olympic games in salt lake city are not to blame for a bribery scandal that has embarrassed the olympic movement , but were victims of blackmail , the swiss official who made the allegations said monday .
under the scornful glare of his boss , the international olympic committee member who uncapped the biggest scandal in the agency 's history urged his colleagues monday to `` work for honesty . ''
members of the delegation for quebec city 's 2002 winter olympics bid feel betrayed in light of the scandal surrounding the successful bid by salt lake city .
the olympic executive whose accusations of bribery and blackmail rocked the ioc says as many as 25 members might have received favors or cash for votes in four recent elections to choose sites for the games .
salt lake city should be ordered to pay dlrs 14 million in compensation to its competitors for having `` cheated '' in the race for the 2002 winter olympics , the leader of a rival bid said friday .
mahmoud el-farnawani , paid dlrs 58,000 as a consultant for the salt lake bid committee in 1994-95 , says he delivered access , not votes , to utah olympic boosters .
insisting he bribed no one and did nothing wrong , tom welch contends his organization acted responsibly in its winning bid for the 2002 winter olympics .
australian international olympic committee member phil coles should resign after being implicated in the salt lake city bribery scandal , the head of melbourne 's commonwealth games bid said thursday .
an ioc official ousted in the bribery scandal involving salt lake city 's successful bid for the 2002 winter olympics insists that gifts and favors he received never influenced his vote , the los angeles times reported sunday .
with initial evidence-gathering completed , justice department officials have begun weighing whether to seek indictments of anyone over the scandal surrounding salt lake city 's successful effort to win the 2002 winter olympics , a law enforcement official said thursday .
the two chief organizers of salt lake city 's bid to be host to the 2002 winter olympics pleaded not guilty on monday to federal charges that they had conspired to bribe members of the international olympic committee .
ohio state coach john cooper has made his appeal to the voters in the associated press poll : if no , 2 florida state barely beats no .
under the new bowl coalition format that crowned a clear-cut national champion , more people were expected to watch the 1999 fiesta bowl title game .
year two of the bowl championship series will bring a few new wrinkles to the process of selecting the teams to play in its national championship game .
atlantic coast conference commissioner john swofford will be the coordinator for the bowl championship series this season .
the new system for selecting the two teams for college football 's national championship game is not perfect , but it 's certainly better than the methods used in the past , sec commissioner roy kramer said tuesday .
it will be the only college football contest played this season in which the lowest score wins , officials of the new bowl championship series have approved a statistical rating system to decide the nation 's top two teams , as well as other schools eligible to participate in the four-bowl series .
it will be the only college football contest played this season in which the lowest score wins , officials of the new bowl championship series have approved a statistical rating system to decide the nation 's top two teams , as well as other schools eligible to participate in the four-bowl series .
the new system for selecting the two teams for college football 's national championship game is not perfect , but it 's certainly better than the methods used in the past , sec commissioner roy kramer said recently .
there 's a new poll , a new no , 1 and some new math for gridiron-ologists to digest as college football marches on to the bowl season and , presumably an undisputed national champion .
a fifth bowl could be added to the bowl championship series as soon as 2001 if a preliminary plan recently introduced to college football officials earns approval .
thep'j { c3h r-z , z % -mq its first national championship football game for the bowl championship series in 2002 , will again host the game in 2006 as part of a $ 122-million television package , officials said friday .
three innocent men freed from death row in illinois , a mentally ill convict spared in virginia .
a supreme court known for its impatience with death row appeals surprisingly halted two executions this week and is on track to issue four significant rulings on capital punishment by summer .
defying conventional wisdom , a new poll says californians are evenly divided between death and life without parole as the proper punishment for first-degree murder .
two-thirds of death penalty cases that were appealed from 1973 through 1995 were successful , report researchers who contend the nation 's capital punishment system is ''collapsing under the weight of its own mistakes . ''
for three days they met in san francisco to help one another learn to better swim against a powerful tide , like the rest of the nation , more than 70 percent of californians support the death penalty .
following six hours of passionate debate monday , the massachusetts house of representatives defeated a bid to reinstate the death penalty in a vote that underscored the erosion of legislative support for capital punishment .
in their first statement in 19 years focusing exclusively on opposing the death penalty , the nation 's roman catholic bishops issued a call friday to `` all people of good will , and especially catholics , '' to work to end capital punishment .
their ranks are admittedly small , but their views seem incompatible with their political philosophy , still , in recent weeks a number of prominent conservatives with tough law-and-order credentials have raised questions about , of all things , the death penalty .
-lrb- the following `` separate buy '' article from slate , the premier online magazine of politics and culture , is available from the new york times syndicate .
the new york times said in an editorial for monday , july 3 : gov , george ryan says he never expected the national attention he has received for declaring a moratorium on the death penalty in illinois .
undated sidebar to capital-punishnent last week 's postponement of mose young 's execution slowed , but did not stop , missouri 's march to near the top of states with the highest numbers of executions .
mattie compton describes her personal position on the death penalty as ambivalent , the fort worth woman has a strong sense of the need to keep society safe and the importance of the criminal justice system , especially when dealing with horrific crimes .
a poll released thursday shows that a flurry of recent reports of innocent inmates being freed from death row has left a deep impression with the public and cut into support for capital punishment in the united states .
bolstered by findings that even americans who favor capital punishment worry that innocent people might be put to death , several lawmakers vowed thursday to renew their push for a law to see that defendants in death-penalty cases have competent lawyers and access to dna testing .
iowa republicans on monday scheduled their precinct caucuses next feb. 7 -- two weeks earlier than planned -- and democrats said they 'll move to the same date .
a bid to eliminate the state 's `` winner-take-all '' republican presidential primary received a setback monday that its sponsor predicted would prove fatal to the proposal .
the republican and democratic presidential candidates are being invited to a series of televised debates in new hampshire in the weeks before the nation 's first primary .
on the presidential primary calendar , super tuesday is followed by what some are calling foregone friday , after george w. bush and al gore won sweeping victories in coast-to-coast primaries tuesday , some began to question the relevance of today 's western primary -- the first ever .
stung by accusations that he had tried to stack the deck in new york 's primary for george w. bush , gov , george pataki is proposing to make things more open next time around .
for the next nine months or so , it will not be safe to sneak off to a barbecue lunch at maurice 's piggy park here , or to enjoy a quiet game of canasta at a neighborhood center for the elderly in charleston , or to walk along the sand at myrtle beach .
republican and democratic party leaders told state election officials tuesday that the presidential primary calendar needs to be prolonged in 2004 to offset the disproportionate impact of the early presidential contests .
the best comment on the demise of steve forbes ' presidential campaign was disseminated by the associated press , which quoted the executive director of a group that studies the financing of campaigns : `` never has so much been spent with so little in return . ''
the voting on march 7 represents the closest this country has ever come to a national primary to choose the major parties ' presidential candidates .
california 's free-for-all primary election system , which allows voters to choose candidates without regard to party affiliation , violates the rights of state political parties , the supreme court ruled monday .
the republican party of the united states held its first major presidential forum of the 2000 campaign in new hampshire on sunday evening .
u.s. conservative activist gary bauer dropped out of the presidential race friday after finishing the last in the new hampshire republican party primary .
mccain 's attack on pat robertson , the founder of the christian coalition , and jerry falwell , the founder of moral majority , long considered an important part of the republican constituency , shows a striking split within the republican party , analysts said .
an e. coli outbreak that sickened at least 6 people visiting a maine ski resort has been traced to contaminated ground beef produced at a minnesota meat processing plant , authorities said monday .
nearly 500 people have been sickened and one child died in the largest e. coli outbreak in state history -- and possibly one of the worst nationally -- health officials said thursday .
more than 140 people were sickened with a potentially deadly strain of e. coli after partying in a cow pasture last weekend , and state health officials were scrambling to reach more than 1,800 others who were there .
at least six children in northeast ohio have been infected by e. coli bacteria and the medina county fair is a possible source of the contamination , the state health department and cleveland clinic doctors said monday .
if the link between this week 's cluster of e. coli cases and the white water themepark in marietta , ga. is proved , it will mark only the second time that chlorinated swimming water is believed to have transmitted the sometimes-deadly bacteria .
epidemiologists have re-created in laboratories the elusive bug that they believe caused severe stomach illness in almost 60 students and instructors who attended a university of north texas drill team camp a few weeks ago .
health officials said they believe that a 79-year-old man who died at a hospital in albany friday may have been the second victim of an outbreak of e. coli that has already sickened more than 600 people in upstate new york .
outbreaks of food poisoning caused by a fierce strain of e. coli bacteria like the one now going on in japan also have occurred in the united states , new york times reported today .
japanese government officials finally responded today to the appeals of medical experts to declare the two-month-old food poisoning outbreak an infectious disease .
a 70-year-old man has become the 11th victim in the food poisoning outbreak in lanarkshire , scotland , and an expert has warned that the crisis could result in up to 100 deaths .
the e. coli toll in canada may have reached 21 , with another three deaths reported tuesday under investigation .
the pentagon , moving to help financially strapped military personnel , has proposed banning atm surcharges on all u.s. military bases , both in the united states and abroad .
a proposal to ban those $ 1 or $ 2 atm surcharges goes before voters for the first time next month in san francisco , setting the stage for a court battle .
fleet bank and bankboston began imposing a fee on non-customers who use their more than 500 connecticut atms monday , a move that was criticized even by some fleet customers .
a plan by new england 's two largest banks to introduce a maximum $ 1 atm surcharge on customers from other banks and not raise the fee for two years may violate antitrust laws , the state attorney general 's office said friday .
atlanta -- maybe , just maybe , customers who pay to use bank atm machines are beginning to fight back , or maybe they 're just getting smarter .
fleet financial group said monday that it would temporarily freeze its automatic teller surcharge in massachusetts at 75 cents , its current level , and roll back bankboston 's fee once the two banks formally merge .
the fees banks charge for using atm machines to withdraw money increasingly are under attack by state governments , cities , even the pentagon .
atms do n't just provide money to customers , they 're cash machines for the banks as well .
in a pointed warning to san francisco about atm surcharges , california 's two biggest banks announced that they will stop letting noncustomers use their cash machines in santa monica when a law barring the fees takes effect there thursday .
a federal judge yesterday temporarily blocked san francisco 's voter-approved initiative barring banks from charging fees to noncustomers who use their atms .
patricia pena gave little thought to using a cellular telephone on the road before a distracted driver hit her car broadside , fatally injuring her 2-year-old daughter .
chatting on a cell phone while driving will remain legal in connecticut , after a lengthy debate thursday , lawmakers used a voice vote to kill legislation that would have banned the practice .
at & amp ; t has sent a clear message to marlboro officials : the telecommunications giant does not support the township 's proposed ban on the use of cellular phones while driving .
mayor bret schundler vetoed a measure thursday that would have made jersey city the second new jersey community to ban cellular telephone use while driving .
the notoriously garrulous new york city taxi driver is about to become a little less talkative , acting on a rising number of passenger complaints , the taxi and limousine commission passed a new regulation thursday that prohibits cabbies from using cellular phones while driving .
it is illegal to drive while talking on a cell phone in this cleveland suburb , apparently the only place in america with such a ban .
two years ago , as charles finnie , an investment banker in san francisco , was driving home from work , he did what he did nearly every time he got in the car : he picked up his cell phone and started dialing .
state sen. tom smith wants arizonans to follow the suggestion on a popular bumper sticker : `` hang up and drive. ' , the east phoenix republican has drafted a bill that would make it illegal to talk on the telephone or use a computer while driving a motorized vehicle .
cities bans exist in : brooklyn , ohio , the first ban in the nation was created a year ago and since last sept. 1 , nearly 300 citations have been issued .
as more than 94 million wireless phone users are taking to the road nationwide , a new poll shows texans fear that chatting drivers are a big risk at the wheel .
with more than 70 million americans now regularly using cell phones , concerns are mounting about the public danger of distracted motorists talking on their phones while they drive .
mechanical problems that threaten to shut down the astronomical observations of the hubble space telescope may prompt a repair mission six months earlier than planned to the $ 1.7 billion spacecraft , nasa officials told congress on wednesday .
nasa will launch an emergency repair mission this fall to the hubble space telescope , which is in danger of shutting down .
astronauts will rush to the hubble space telescope this fall -- eight months early -- to fix its deteriorating pointing system .
astronauts will make an emergency shuttle flight to the $ 3.8 billion hubble space telescope in mid-october to replace failing components in the mechanism that points the large observatory at distant stars , nasa said wednesday .
seeking to avoid a `` science emergency '' with the hubble space telescope , nasa officials announced wednesday that they would launch a space shuttle to repair failing parts on the orbiting observatory in mid-october , eight months ahead of schedule .
the fourth of six gyroscopes aboard the orbiting hubble space telescope has faltered , forcing an abrupt halt to all celestial observations and lending new urgency to a december space shuttle repair mission , nasa said monday .
the hubble space telescope has temporarily ceased scientific operations because of the failure of its precision pointing system , a development that will leave the valuable observatory dormant until a space-shuttle repair mission scheduled to arrive next month , nasa officials said monday .
adrift above the earth , the eye to the universe is closed , but if all goes according to plan , the hubble space telescope , a window through which humans have viewed the edges of space for almost a decade , will soon be reawakened by the nudging , gloved hands of astronauts replacing and repairing the failed inner works that forced it into hibernation .
after a spirited chase across the sky , the space shuttle discovery grabbed the hubble space telescope with its robot arm tuesday , retrieving the observatory to begin a critical repair mission .
a pair of spacewalking astronauts on wednesday began the intricate process of repairing the dormant hubble space telescope , replacing the faulty gyroscopes that forced the observatory into hibernation last month .
the hubble space telescope got smarter and better able to point at distant astronomical targets on thursday as spacewalking astronauts replaced two major pieces of the observatory 's gear .
the hubble space telescope , one of the finest tools of big science , awaits a servicing call this week for the installation of advanced instruments which will open a new window on the universe .
u.s. space shuttle discovery returned home early this morning after astronauts successfully ended their 10-day hubble space telescope service mission .
the saga of bill and monica is more the stuff of sidney sheldon than william shakespeare , but monica lewinsky 's gossipfest with barbara walters nonetheless conjured up some lines from `` othello '' : `` speak of me as i am ; nothing extenuate , `` nor set down aught in malice : then , must you speak `` of one that lov 'd not wisely but too well ... '' the operative phrase here is `` lov 'd not wisely . ''
the former white house intern , monica lewinsky , received an indefinite reprieve in having to decide whether to stand by her earlier assertion in an affidavit that she did not have an affair with u.s. president bill clinton , take the fifth amendment or change her story .
vernon jordan , a close friend of u.s. president bill clinton , tuesday appeared before a federal grand jury investigating accusations that clinton asked former white house intern monica lewinsky to deny their alleged affair .
independent counsel kenneth starr has asked monica lewinsky to be fingerprinted and to give voice and handwriting samples in the next few days , news reports said on tuesday .
monica lewinsky has been given full immunity in exchange for testimony in kenneth starr 's six-month investigation of her relationship with president bill clinton , lewinsky 's attorneys said tuesday .
former white house intern monica lewinsky is prepared to testify to grand jurors -- probably on thursday -- in the white house scandal , reports said .
president bill clinton , in a speech to dozens of religious leaders friday , included monica lewinsky in his statement of regret for having an improper relationship and lying about it .
television stations in the united states monday began broadcasting a four-hour videotape of president bill clinton 's testimony before a grand jury on august 17 .
bill clinton on january 21 , 1998 , the extra-marital relationship bill clinton , the 42nd president of the united states , had with monica lewinsky , a former white house intern , was reported in press .
u.s. house prosecutor bill mccollum told senators in president bill clinton 's impeachment trial friday that former white house intern monica lewinsky 's testimony establishes that clinton `` knowingly , intentionally '' sought to obstruct justice .
in a surprise move , u.s. house prosecutors asked the senate tuesday to `` request the appearance '' of president bill clinton at a deposition for his impeachment trial .
the u.s. senate moved thursday to bring president bill clinton 's impeachment trial to a prompt conclusion , rejecting a last-ditch request by house prosecutors to summon former white house intern monica lewinsky for live testimony .
broadcast across the world saturday from the well of the u.s. senate , former white house intern monica lewinsky recounted via videotape her story of a presidential affair and cover-up to americans seeing her testify for the first time and to senators who must decide the fate of president bill clinton .
britain 's defense minister praised the czech republic on tuesday for progress toward nato membership , but said its army has a long way to go to match up to alliance standards .
canadian prime minister jean chretien said today that he supports the czech republic 's bid to join the north atlantic treaty organization -lrb- nato -rrb- .
the czech republic and hungary will not compete with each other in their bids to join nato and the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- , the hungarian telegraph agency reported today .
czech prime minister vaclav klaus today criticized russia 's ambassador to the czech republic for saying that russia would reconsider its economic relations with the country if it persisted in trying to join nato .
french president jacques chirac today promised the czech republic that france will do all it can to help prague join the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- in 2000 and the nato in 1999 , according to agence france-presse .
russian prime minister viktor chernomyrdin arrived here today for a three-day visit to discuss nato 's eastward expansion with czech leaders .
the north atlantic treaty organization -lrb- nato -rrb- has decided to invite the czech republic , hungary and poland to join the alliance , nato secretary general javier solona announced here today at the end of the first day meeting of a two-day summit in madrid , spain .
the czech republic , hungary and poland , the first three countries invited to join the north atlantic treaty organization -lrb- nato -rrb- , are aiming to further strengthen their cooperation in a wide range .
nato general secretary javier solana thursday expressed satisfaction over preparations the czech republic is making to join nato .
poland , hungary and the czech republic friday formally joined nato at a ceremony held in the city of independence , missouri .
partisan bickering in congress resurfaced friday over census 2000 and the use of sampling , a statistical method that could affect the way congressional and state legislative district boundaries are redrawn next year .
house republicans questioned the quality of work produced by the census bureau in a count that is ahead of schedule and said the shortcomings may affect the accuracy of the raw data collected for census 2000 .
a political dispute masquerading as a legal issue makes its first appearance in federal court thursday as republicans try to prevent the clinton administration from using statistical methods in the 2000 census .
president clinton on tuesday nominated new york social scientist kenneth prewitt to head the census bureau , an agency mired in a political and legal controversy as it tries to get an accurate reading for the year 2000 population count .
following are excerpts from the decision by a three-judge federal panel in a lawsuit filed by the house of representatives against the commerce department over the proposed use of statistical sampling in the 2000 census .
having lost two decisions in the lower courts , clinton administration officials and advocates of statistical sampling in the 2000 census have begun to think about ways to use a modified form of the controversial methodology even if they do not prevail in the supreme court .
a sharply divided supreme court on monday struck down president clinton 's controversial proposal to use a statistical formula to complement the traditional head count of the u.s. population in the 2000 census .
a sharply divided supreme court on monday struck down president clinton 's controversial proposal to use a statistical formula to complement the traditional head count of the u.s. population in the 2000 census .
kenneth prewitt , the administration 's census director nominee , on thursday told the u.s. senate governmental affairs committee that it was crucial that the issue of statistical sampling be settled soon .
the kansas board of education has approved new standards for teaching science in public schools that critics say strips evolution from its accepted place at the center of biological studies .
some local kansas officials are not planning to change what their schools teach about evolution , even though the state board of education 's new testing standards de-emphasize its importance , especially the theory that men descended from apes .
the audience was encouraged to applaud , murmur , hiss or shout hallelujah , one sign on stage simply called for ''hubbub '' -- not surprising , given the subject being debated .
nineteen states got d 's or f 's in a report that evaluated how public schools teach evolution , raising a new issue in a continuing dispute between science and religion .
new science standards were not on the agenda , but they were in the spotlight at the kansas board of education meeting tuesday .
the kansas board of education voted wednesday to delete virtually any mention of evolution from the state 's science curriculum , in one of the most far-reaching efforts by creationists in recent years to challenge the teaching of evolution in schools .
conservatives won a major victory in kansas on wednesday when the state board of education approved new science standards that dilute the teaching of evolution .
stop the world , kansas wants to get off .
despite controversy and confusion swirling around her like dust devils in the wheat fields , lu bitter , a science teacher at pratt high school , is clear about one thing : she will continue teaching the theory of evolution , as she has for 27 years , until she is ordered to stop .
seventy-five years after the scopes `` monkey trial '' in tennessee , a scientist 's report issued tuesday gave 13 states failing grades for neglecting to teach evolution .
the nation 's homeless people are increasingly being harassed by police , driven from the streets in which they beg and sleep by cities putting `` meanness '' ahead of compassion , an advocacy group 's report contends .
after following hundreds of homeless families in new york city to determine if social disorders prolonged their situation , a new study by new york university suggests the real problem is the city 's scarcity of subsidized housing .
three weeks ago , when someone started stalking homeless people here , bending over them as they slept in the alleys and doorways and slashing their throats , a grim joke began making the rounds on the streets : the killer had been hired by the city .
to the u.s. census bureau , in the year 2000 there will no longer be homeless people , only those without conventional housing .
nearly 160 homeless men and women died in san francisco in the past year , the most deaths recorded since the city began tracking such statistics in 1987 , the department of public health said tuesday .
in milwaukee , homeless people can be arrested for sleeping on heating grates , in atlanta , more than 60 people died on the streets last year .
perhaps no city offers a more public example of the problems of homelessness than san francisco , the biggest complaint visitors lodge about the city concerns the aggressive panhandling and other manifestations of homelessness that they experience , say city tourist officials .
a sweeping national study of homeless people served by shelters , soup kitchens and other programs found that almost half were in their first episode of homelessness , 44 percent had worked at least part time in the previous month , and 42 percent said that what they needed more than anything was help finding a job .
in denver , five were pummeled to death and two more beheaded , in richmond , va. , one was beaten , stabbed and beheaded , his head then carried nearly a mile and placed for display on a footbridge .
former tanzanian president mwalimu julius nyerere today inaugurated the mwalimu nyerere foundation in dodoma , central tanzania , and called on africans to stand together and cooperate with each other .
the united states is considering to create a standby force of african troops to deal with what it called humanitarian crises in africa such as the ongoing tribal warfare in burundi and the civil war in liberia , u.s. officials have said .
kenya has urged the u.s. government to refrain from accusing it over the recent confrontations between kenyan police and opposition supporters , according to local press reports today .
u.s. special envoy jesse jackson called sunday on the kenyan government to halt tribal conflicts in which some 120 people have been killed and hundreds brutally injured since january 11 .
u.s. special envoy jesse jackson urged monday kenyan president daniel arap moi during their talks to visit rift valley province in a bid to end tribal clashes there killing some 120 people since january 11 .
france will join the envisaged united nations peacekeeping force in the central african republic , which will replace an african peacekeeping force deployed in bangui since january 1997 .
kenyan president daniel arap moi has urged kenyans to scrap tribalism in order to tackle challenges in the next millennium .
the south african truth and reconciliation commission -lrb- trc -rrb- has completely failed to address or find the root causes for black-on-black violence which has claimed more than 30 , 000 lives in this country , home affairs minister mangosuthu buthelezi said on saturday .
india 's foreign secretary flew to bangladesh on sunday for high-level talks , less than two weeks after bangladeshi prime minister sheikh hasina visited india to urge restraint following its nuclear tests in may .
the dispute over the sharing of the ganges water has become a major hurdle in the relations between india and bangladesh , indian external affairs minister pranab mukherjee said today .
bangladesh foreign secretary faroq sobhan is expected to arrive here today for talks with india on three long-standing issues troubling bilateral relations - ganges water-sharing , trade imbalance and transit , the indian express said today .
bangladesh and india today signed in new delhi a long-cherished ganges water-sharing accord , which would remove a major irritant in bilateral relations and pave the way for closer ties between the two countries .
india and bangladesh today clinched a historic deal on the sharing of ganges water , which will remove a major irritant in the bilateral relations in more than two decades .
india and bangladesh today formally started sharing the common ganges water after india opened 75 sluice-gates of its farakka barrage at 06:30 a.m. local time -lrb- 0030 gmt -rrb- in implementation of an agreement between the two countries .
india and bangladesh have agreed to maintain a status quo in the disputed border areas till a final decision on the issue , official sources said here today .
indian prime minister atal bihari vajpayee and his bangladesh counterpart , sheikh hasina , held wide-ranging talks here tuesday on matters of mutual interest for boosting the ties between their two countries , official sources said here .
bangladesh monday received fresh assurance from india of reaching a solution to border problems by february or march next year , according to the official bangladesh news agency .
dhaka , july 17 -lrb- xinhua -- bangladesh and india monday kicked off border talks in chittagong , the largest port city in the country , in the wake of a series of bloody border clashes which left five people dead in both sides during the last week .
installation of a 176-km-long power transmission line from changshou county of sichuan province to wanxian city of chongqing , china 's youngest municipality , started today .
china will lock the main stream of the yangtze river at the three gorges in early november , announced lu youmei , general manager of china yangtze three gorges project development corporation .
the gigantic three gorges power project in the middle reaches of the yangtze river has received more than 270 million u.s. dollars in loans from german banks for purchase of 14 turbines and generators , `` china daily '' reported today .
the china yangtze river three gorges development project corp. invited 22 noted chinese water conservancy and hydropower experts to act as consultants for the project to dam the yangtze river in early november .
the design for the three gorges project -lrb- tgp -rrb- has stood the test of the reality , a project official announced today .
china successful dammed the main course of the yangtze today for the three gorges project , declared president jiang zemin at the project site .
china 's leading newspaper , the people 's daily , will carry an editorial on monday highlighting the relocation project in the three gorges area in central china , where the country is building a gigantic dam and the world 's largest hydropower and water conservancy project .
the dalaoling state forest park in central china 's yichang , the city nearest to the three gorges project , is now completed after two years of development , and has won the approval of expert appraisers .
a senior official said that the damming of the three gorges project is running on schedule and will be completed by 2003 .
gsm -lrb- global system of mobile communications -rrb- went into service thursday at the construction site of china 's biggest water control project -- the three gorges dam .
china has decided to relocate 125,000 people living in the dam area of the three gorges power project to 11 regions in coastal provinces in the next nine years .
police from 24 countries and two international organizations convened in bulgaria 's capital monday to discuss joint action against a surge in car thefts , smuggling and insurance fraud after the end of the cold war .
the 15 european union nations and 11 neighbors pledged to join forces tuesday to fight against organized crime , child pornography and cross-border pollution .
interpol must adopt a new strategy for combating increasingly sophisticated crime syndicates if it wants to remain viable in the coming century , the organization 's president said thursday .
interpol must modernize if it wants to effectively fight increasingly sophisticated crime syndicates in the next century , the police organization 's president said thursday .
interpol on monday approved an egyptian proposal that calls on police agencies to share information as part of the international fight against terrorism .
the united states and european countries were rebuked tuesday for passing up an international heroin conference because it was in myanmar , one of the world 's biggest producers of the drug .
a menlo park , calif. , consulting firm is working with interpol , the international police organization , to create a worldwide network that would act as an early warning system to help companies protect themselves from cyber attacks .
the visiting china interpol chief today expressed confidence in hong kong 's smooth transition and its prosperity and stability , while assuring closer cooperation between the inland and hong kong police after hong kong returns to china on july 1 , 1997 .
china is willing to enhance cooperation with all other countries and international organizations in fighting against cross-border organized crime , chinese minister of justice gao changli said here friday .
chinese police will continue to strengthen cooperation with their colleagues in other parts of the world to strike back against international drug crime .
vietnam has floated the price of cashews due to a shortage of nuts to keep processing plants running , an executive of the vietnam cashew nuts association said friday .
the activist who threw a pie in the face of michel camdessus , the former international monetary fund chief , a few months ago .
vietnam has become the third largest cashew producer in the world , next only to india and brazil , with 100,000 tonnes exported last year .
`` from 1974-75 national production has been on its downward trend every year , '' said mtwara regional administrative secretary mama mary luwilo recently .
if the mozambican government continues the policy of exporting raw cashew nut without processing , the country 's cashew nut industry will stop production this june , warned secretary-general soares mhaca of the central-sindical mocambicana here today .
india and sri lanka will soon set up a joint venture to expand cashew exports of both countries , the official daily news reported on tuesday .
vietnam is expected to harvest 120,000 tons of raw cashew nuts this year , 10,000 tons more than last year , vietnam news agency -lrb- vna -rrb- reported monday .
tanzania aims to raise its cashew nut production to 110,000 tons in this year , the ministry of agriculture and cooperatives has said .
mozambique 's national union of cashew workers friday called on the assembly or parliament to pass a bill for protecting the cashew processing industry by banning , for a 10-year period , the export of raw cashew nuts .
after three fatal crashes , the air force is permanently grounding its t-3a firefly training planes and turning its introductory flight training over to commercial flight schools .
the state department has ordered the world 's largest civilian test-pilot school to stop teaching foreigners , fearing the classes may supply hostile nations with information about u.s. weapons systems .
the state department on friday lifted the ban it had imposed on foreign fliers at a private test-pilot school over fears the classes could teach hostile nations about u.s. weapons systems .
the navy is giving college students and graduates a one-week aviation tryout to boost recruitment and reduce a flight-training dropout rate that can be as high as 25 percent .
west palm beach , fla. -- harold martin wants to be a missionary , but he says he ca n't preach , so , the hobe sound resident plans to be a bush pilot for god .
airline pilots typically learn in simulators how to handle engine failure , stormy winds and other disruptions in flight , but now united and other airlines are tossing them more radical problems , like what to do when a jumbo jet rolls nearly upside down .
some 150 pilots and flight technicians from china 's civil aviation industry and the air force attended a seminar on flight techniques for the next century , which opened here today .
guanghan is a small city 30 km south of chengdu , capital of southwest china 's sichuan province , but , this little known city is home to china civil aviation flight college -lrb- cafc -rrb- , the only higher education institute to train civilian pilots in china .
the chinese air force will train 37 more female pilots , the seventh group of women the country has schooled in aeronautics since 1951 , it was announced here today .
zhang earned his pilot 's license from the xinjin branch of the china civil aviation college in the city of guanghan in southwest china 's sichuan province .
an international relief agency announced wednesday that it is withdrawing from north korea because the government has ordered it to stop treating starving and sick people and to supply the local pharmaceutical industry instead .
the civilian population of kosovo has been subjected to a `` systematic policy of terror '' that includes massacres , decapitations and cutting off ears , according to a report by the humanitarian group doctors without borders published tuesday .
doctors without borders , which revolutionized private aid by asserting a right to intervene in any country to treat the wounded , sick and starving , won the 1999 nobel peace prize today .
madagascar 's battle against a cholera epidemic is being complicated by a spat between the government of one of the world 's poorest countries and an acclaimed international aid agency .
accusing the united nations of allowing ethnic cleansing to persist in kosovo , the belgian branch of the humanitarian group doctors without borders announced monday it was ceasing operations in kosovo .
seven years ago dr. yared kebede haile worked as a well-paid physician for an american oil company in his native ethiopia , he remembers his american patients with amusement .
doctors without borders , which sends medical personnel to some of the most destitute and dangerous parts of the world and encourages them not only to save lives , but also to condemn the injustices they see , was awarded the nobel peace prize friday .
they might not be at the podium when the award is formally presented , but in a large way , drs , susan goldstein and suzanne cotter shared in the nobel peace prize announced friday .
evan lee , an east boston physician , will never forget the malnourished , tuberculosis-ridden 15-year-old somalian refugee he helped save as a member of doctors without borders , the humanitarian group honored with the nobel peace prize on friday .
hong kong doctors and nurses are called on to donate their one-day income earned on june 2 , 1997 , to medecins sans frontieres -lrb- msf -rrb- , a world-wide medical relief organization dedicated to saving lives in extreme circumstances .
a mystery which has long puzzled the world 's top scientists appears to have finally been solved by a team of physics experts working in a mine shaft in central japan .
researcher christopher mauger admits that doing cutting-edge physics from the end of a mine shaft deep inside a mountain has its drawbacks .
but once in a great while a neutrino does hit an atom and the resulting blast of nuclear debris supplies clues about the neutrino itself .
in what colleagues hailed as a historic landmark , 120 physicists from 23 research institutions in japan and the united states announced on friday that they had found the existence of mass in a notoriously elusive subatomic particle called the neutrino .
everywhere in this restored 17th-century village , old wayside shrines remind visitors of the belief that buddha could assume several manifestations , each representing one of the deep tenets of buddhist teaching .
dr. frederick reines , whose fine baritone might have landed him in opera instead of the career in neutrino physics that culminated in the 1995 nobel prize , died aug. 26 at the university of california-irvine medical center in orange , calif .
to me , the mystery in the latest neutrino news -lrb- do n't you , too , subscribe to `` neutrinos today '' ? , is why the monstrous telescope searching for these ephemeral subatomic particles is named after my niece , who , in turn , is named after my grandmother , amanda .
a team of japanese , american and korean scientists announced monday that they had for the first time fired a neutrino particle through a 155-mile slice of the earth 's crust and recorded its arrival at the surface .
what many physicists consider to be one of the last pieces of the theoretical puzzle that explains the structure of matter has been detected at the fermi national accelerator laboratory near chicago .
scientists have found the first direct evidence for the subatomic particle called the tau neutrino , the third kind of neutrino known to particle physicists .
it 's intended to be a cheerful , no-fault divorce : the upcoming division of canada 's vast northwest territories into two separately governed pieces of tundra , rocks and ice .
a new flag rose thursday in the arctic as nunavut , the self-governing territory of canada 's inuit people , celebrated its birth with fireworks , festivals and vows to surmount the daunting challenges ahead .
fangs flash and tempers flare as the northwest territories argues the snarliest of questions , who gets the bear , next april , the 1.3 million square mile wilderness stretching from hudson bay nearly to the north pole will split in two , with the eastern region to become nunavut , a semi-autonomous homeland for the inuit , or eskimos .
the day the map of canada is redrawn and native people in the frigid north start to govern themselves is still more than two months off .
already the hunters are fanning out across the frozen tundra to bag sufficent caribou for a feast the likes of which has never been seen in canada 's arctic .
a bold attempt to right past wrongs and bring hope to an entire region was launched as thursday began and the map of canada was redrawn to make room for the new territory of nunavut .
part of paul okalik 's story strikes a sad and familiar note here in the north , like many young eskimos , he had no real sense of hope about his future when he was growing up in pangnirtung , the next community north of here .
like the needle of a compass , kenn harper 's yearnings have always pointed due north , after graduating from teachers ' school in his native ontario , he volunteered in 1966 for a school posting in the inuit , or eskimo , hamlet of broughton island , in canada 's eastern arctic .
in this brand new territory , where new government buildings rise on nameless muddy streets , people had barely learned that the former speaker of the legislature had been convicted of sexual assault when they heard tuesday that their education minister had been charged with beating up a woman .
canada 's new territory of nunavut , which is to come into being next april , will face a series of social and economic problems and a tough task ahead .
canada 's new territory , nunavut , was created thursday , the new arctic territory , was split off from the northwest territories , will cover 2.2 square kilometres of tundra , ice cap and rock , frozen coast , about four times as big as france .
eleven of the european union 's 15 members soldered their moneys into a single currency thursday , but that act of monetary union also had consequences for such diverse places as monaco , the vatican and the islands of st. pierre and miquelon off the coast of canada .
declaring that `` currency is politics , '' french prime minister alain juppe today reiterated france 's determination to realize the single european currency .
british officials will fight suggestions that uk be forced to enter a new european exchange rate mechanism -lrb- erm -rrb- after the proposed european single currency comes into force , it was reported here today .
british board of trade president ian lang wednesday warned that a single european currency could prove harmful to british business if adopted without full and careful consideration of possible consequences .
italian prime minister romano prodi and french president jaques chirac today reached a consensus on the timetable for the launch of the single european currency at summit talks in southern italian city of naples .
italian leaders said today that there was more to europe than the single european currency -- the goal of the long process of european integration was a political government and a political parliament .
the european single currency euro will go ahead on schedule on january 1 , 1999 with a broad membership , according to a survey of some prominent british economists .
brushing aside simmering opposition to european monetary union , a senior executive of the european union claimed wednesday that the single currency is gaining credibility .
the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- welcomed the entry of the greek currency drachma in the exchange rate mechanism -lrb- erm -rrb- of the european monetary system and the fixing of a new central rate for the irish pound .
the european parliament approved on thursday the european commission 's recommendation for 11 countries to join the single currency mechanism in january 1999 .
following are the key events in the evolution of the european economic and monetary union -lrb- emu -rrb- : 1957 -- signing of the treaty of rome for the establishment of the european economic community -lrb- eec -rrb- ; 1970 -- luxembourg 's prime minister pierre werner proposed how to achieve emu by 1980 ; 1971 -- the united states abandoned dollar 's link to gold ; 1972 -- prototype of a european monetary system ; 1979 -- establishment of the european monetary system ; 1985-1992 -- preparation of the internal market ; 1986 -- signing of the single european act with the goal of a single market in europe by the end of 1992 ; 1988 -- the european commission under jacques delors set up a committee for the study of emu ; 1989 -- delors ' proposal of a three-stage transition to emu ; november 1993 -- entering into force the treaty of european union -lrb- maastricht treaty -rrb- with emu as one of the basic objectives ; may 1995 -- proposal by the european commission greenpaper of a transition to single currency ; euro was chosen as the name for that single currency ; december 1996 -- publishing of designs of euro bank notes by the european monetary institute ; june 1997 -- agreement on legal framework for the use of euro at the european council meeting in amsterdam ; announcing of designs of euro coins ; march 1998 -- adoption by the european commission of convergence report and recommendation of 11 european union member states as the founding members of euro ; may 1998 -- confirmation by the european summit at heads of state and government level of the recommendation that 11 countries are the original members of the euro zone ; european finance ministers pre-announced bilateral exchange rates between participating currencies and euro ; january 1999 -- the 11 eu countries adopt the euro while banks and stock exchanges begin using euros in all scriptural transactions like writing checks , using credit and charge cards , as well as buying stocks and bonds ; january 2002 -- euro bank notes and coins become legal tender ; july 2002 -- national currencies of the 11 euro countries will no longer be accepted .
a senior official of the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- said tuesday that doing business in europe will become more efficient and less costly for american companies when the euro comes into being in january .
with the bells ringing for the first day of the last year of the 20th century , a new currency was introduced to the world 's financial markets .
the desert nation of mozambique , still recovering from recent devastating and deadly rains , is bracing for another watery onslaught .
the desert nation of mozambique , still recovering from recent devastating and deadly rains , is bracing for another watery onslaught .
with tropical storm gloria threatening to wreak more havoc in flood-devastated mozambique and its neighbors , aid agencies and foreign governments on friday stepped up their efforts to help those who have lost everything to the waters .
despite fears of more flooding and a possible cholera outbreak in mozambique , restless flood victims were abandoning aid camps and heading back to their devastated villages , officials said .
with heavy rains forecast and mozambique 's main highways still impassable , the british navy anchored a floating helipad at the mouth of the swollen save river on thursday to speed food aid to flood victims .
just as aid agencies were making headway in feeding hundreds of thousands displaced by flooding in southern and central mozambique , new floods hit a remote northern region monday .
saturday 's headline in the daily newspaper noticias hit a nerve : `` west closes its eyes to tragedy in mozambique . ''
zambia 's parliament has set up a parliamentary committee to raise funds and other materials for flood victims in mozambique , a senior parliamentarian said .
u.n. secretary-general kofi annan tuesday joined the u.n. agencies once again in calling for massive aid to mozambique , saying that the flooding in the southern african country was `` all the more tragic '' because the nation was considered an african success story over the past decade .
the united nations development program -lrb- undp -rrb- and the national institute for mine clearance -lrb- ind -rrb- in mozambique tuesday announced an emergency plan in response to the problem of landmines displaced by the severe flooding in the southern african country , undp officials said here .
a small but crucial cost item in the 450 million u.s. dollar appeal for mozambique this week is 15 million u.s. dollars for measures to reduce the southern african country 's vulnerability to floods , droughts and tropical cyclones .
mozambique has gained this week some 30 million u.s. dollars in aid for reconstruction of the infrastructures damaged by floods earlier this year in the southeastern african country , said reports reaching here on friday .
the year 2000 information center , run by canadian y2k guru peter de jager .
an estimated 150 million microchips could be problematic .
as year 2000 problems surface , a wave of litigation is expected to flood the courts and keep lawyers swimming for years .
y2k came to church last september , at first , pastor steve lalor of the emmanuel christian church was simply talking to his flock about the threat of year 2000 computer-related problems .
grassroots community organizers battling the y2k bug say the federal government and corporate america are undermining their efforts with a flurry of `` do n't worry , we 'll have everything fixed '' messages .
year 2000 problems at u.s. corporations will not affect the u.s. economy and stock market , but consumer concerns about y2k could cause shifts in the market , a new report from merrill lynch co. says .
there has been a significant improvement in the awareness of the year 2000 problem -lrb- y2k -rrb- among hong kong companies , a survey conducted by the hong kong productivity council -lrb- hkpc -rrb- showed tuesday .
year 2000 -lrb- y2k -rrb- asian regional coordinators wednesday signed a historic y2k declaration that will lay down the framework for the region 's approach to the millennium bug debacle as the second global y2k summit was closed here .
most stockbroking companies in malaysia , or 78.1 percent of the total 61 , are ready for y2k , the millennium bug , the kuala lumpur stock exchange -lrb- klse -rrb- said in a statement monday .
philippine president joseph estrada underscored monday the need to step up efforts to strengthen the country 's defense system against the so-called millennium bug or y2k .
an influential lawmaker from the governing labor party on saturday backed spanish requests to question former chilean dictator gen. augusto pinochet , in london for back surgery , on allegations of genocide and terrorism .
british police said saturday they have arrested former chilean dictator gen. augusto pinochet on allegations of murdering spanish citizens during his years in power .
eight years after his turbulent regime ended , former chilean strongman gen. augusto pinochet is being called to account by spanish authorities for the deaths , detention and torture of political opponents .
former chilean dictator gen. augusto pinochet has been arrested by british police on a spanish extradition warrant , despite protests from chile that he is entitled to diplomatic immunity .
president fidel castro said sunday he disagreed with the arrest in london of former chilean dictator augusto pinochet , calling it a case of `` international meddling . ''
gen. augusto pinochet , who ruled chile as a despot for 17 years , has been arrested in london after spain asked that he be extradited for the presumed murders of hundreds of chilean and spanish citizens , the british authorities announced saturday .
gen. augusto pinochet , the former chilean dictator arrested here at the request of a spanish judge , remained sequestered under police guard sunday , awaiting a potentially devastating court hearing to weigh his extradition on charges of genocide , terrorism and murder .
a stubbornly independent judge who more than once has challenged the spanish government , baltasar garzon was ridiculed when he first set out to pursue the most notorious right-wing generals in south america for human rights crimes committed in the 1970s and '80s , offenses for which they had already been granted amnesty at home .
perhaps as a sign of how much chileans wish to forget their years of polarized politics and repression under gen. augusto pinochet , the immediate popular response here to the sensational news of his arrest in london has been remarkable for its moderation .
the arrest of gen. augusto pinochet shows the growing significance of international human-rights law , suggesting that officials accused of atrocities have fewer places to hide these days , even if they are carrying diplomatic passports , legal scholars say .
german police raided several locations near bonn after receiving word of a terrorist threat against the u.s. embassy , but no evidence of a planned attack was found , officials said wednesday .
an islamic militant group on thursday threatened to retaliate if saudi dissident osama bin laden is arrested , and described washington 's no .
federal prosecutors in manhattan said wednesday that one of the men accused of conspiring to bomb the u.s. embassies in kenya and tanzania in august had met earlier with osama bin laden , the suspected mastermind of the attacks , and `` asked him for a mission . ''
the taliban movement in afghanistan might consider putting osama bin laden on trial for a 1996 bomb attack that killed 19 american airmen in saudi arabia , a leading saudi-owned newspaper reported wednesday .
in a rare public statement about the august bombings of two u.s. embassies in africa , the fbi said friday that two vehicles had been used in the attack on the embassy here .
urged on by the clinton administration , saudi arabia 's top intelligence official met privately with the leader of the taliban in late september to try to persuade afghanistan to deport osama bin laden , the saudi exile suspected of masterminding the august bombings of two american embassies in east africa , according to u.s. and arab officials .
several months after the bombing of the world trade center in february 1993 , one of the suspects tried to bargain with federal prosecutors in new york , offering inside information about the bomb plot in exchange for a lighter sentence .
nine months before the attack on the american embassy here , u.s. intelligence officials received a detailed warning that islamic radicals were plotting to blow up the building , according to kenyan and american officials .
a federal grand jury in manhattan returned a 238-count indictment wednesday charging the saudi exile osama bin laden with conspiring to bomb two u.s. embassies in africa in august and with committing acts of terrorism against americans abroad .
a federal district judge agreed tuesday to review complaints by lawyers for three men arrested after the bombings of two u.s. embassies in africa that their jail conditions in manhattan are unconstitutional and inhumane .
a car bomb exploded friday in a jerusalem market crowded with israelis shopping for the sabbath , the blast killed two , apparently the assailants , and wounded 21 israelis .
a car bomb blew up friday in a jerusalem market crowded with israelis shopping for the sabbath , the blast killed two assailants , wounded 21 israelis and prompted israel to suspend implementation of the peace accord with the palestinians .
suicide bombers targeted a crowded open-air market friday , setting off blasts that killed the two assailants , injured 21 shoppers and passersby and prompted the israeli cabinet to put off action on the new peace accord .
suicide bombers targeted a crowded open-air market friday , setting off blasts that killed the two assailants , injured 21 shoppers and passersby and prompted the israeli cabinet to put off action on the new peace accord .
islamic militants are pulling out all the stops to keep the new u.s.-brokered israeli-palestinian peace accord from becoming reality .
islamic militants are pulling out all the stops to keep the new u.s.-brokered israeli-palestinian peace accord from becoming reality .
the father of one of the islamic militants who died in the suicide bombing of a crowded jerusalem market said saturday he was sad about his son 's death but proud of what he had done .
egypt 's president says there is `` virtually nobody '' who believes israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu will implement the latest peace deal with palestinians .
a red fiat belching smoke sent shoppers fleeing moments before it exploded outside a bustling marketplace on friday morning , killing the two bombers , injuring 24 other people and disabling the u.s.-brokered peace effort .
president clinton expressed sympathy to israel friday after a car-bomb explosion in a jerusalem market wounded 24 people but said the attack should not derail the recent land-for-security deal between israel and the palestinians .
stargazers in asia sought high ground and clear skies tuesday to view the most spectacular celestial fireworks in 33 years , after enjoying a low-key preview monday night .
satellite operators reported no immediate problems tuesday as the earth passed through the tail of a comet that peppered the atmosphere with tiny bits of space junk zipping along at 155,000 mph -lrb- 250,000 kph -rrb- .
whether they stood on the tallest mountain in thailand or the desert in california , tens of thousands of people were searching the skies for a glimpse of the biggest meteor shower in decades .
unfortunately for residents of the united states , the leonid storm on nov. 17 is expected to begin at 2:43 p.m. eastern standard time and is likely to last for only an hour or so .
periodically for at least the last 1,000 years , a spectacular rain of meteors spawned by a passing comet has lighted up the sky , inspiring fear , wonder and admiration .
chicken little would love this one , the earth is hurtling into the path of a comet called temple-tuttle .
chicken little would love this one , the earth is hurtling into the path of a comet called temple-tuttle .
by the time the earth collides with a dense swarm of meteoroids tuesday night to unleash what may be the heaviest meteor bombardment since 1966 , many orbiting satellites will have maneuvered into positions facing away from the storm to avoid damage .
the much-anticipated storm of leonid meteors swept over earth on tuesday , a bit ahead of schedule , leaving many sky watchers disappointed but others dazzled by fireballs as bright as the full moon .
national forecast low pressure will move northeast over the northern great lakes thursday , a conveyor belt of cold , moist air to the northwest of the low 's track will cause moderate to heavy snow over northern minnesota to persist into the afternoon .
swissair lawyers are looking at procedures for making payments of up to around dlrs 137,000 to families of those killed in last month 's crash off nova scotia , a spokesman for the airline said tuesday .
hundreds of thousands of pieces of swissair flight 111 , representing 60 percent of the plane , have now been retrieved from the ocean floor , but an explanation for the sept. 2 crash remains far off , investigators said tuesday .
hundreds of thousands of pieces of swissair flight 111 , representing 60 percent of the plane , have now been retrieved from the ocean floor , but an explanation for the sept. 2 crash remains far off , investigators said tuesday .
temperatures rose to 300 degrees -lrb- 570 degrees f -rrb- without leaving traces of fire in the front part of swissair flight 111 before it crashed , an in-house publication of the airline said thursday .
swissair `` did everything correctly '' in installing a state-of-the-art entertainment system switched off last month in the wake of the crash of flight 111 , the airline 's chief executive said in an interview published sunday .
swissair `` did everything correctly '' in installing a state-of-the-art entertainment system switched off last month in the wake of the crash of flight 111 , the airline 's chief executive said in an interview published sunday .
the federal aviation administration said on thursday that it would consider whether airliners can get too old to fly , which would be a change from its longstanding belief that jets are eternal if they are inspected often enough .
investigators looking into the crash last month of swissair flight 111 off the coast of nova scotia have found `` heat damage '' in wires from the plane 's in-flight entertainment system , prompting the airline to disconnect the system on all of its jumbo jets , swissair officials said thursday .
the federal aviation administration on thursday abruptly ordered airlines that fly md-11s to inspect two cockpit switches because one model in wide use can give off smoke at certain settings .
after the crash of swissair flight 111 , the airline gave the grieving familes of the victims all the help customarily offered in such disasters .
china hopes to win its first asian games gold medal in the martial art of taekwondo next month in thailand , the official newspaper china sports daily said tuesday .
thailand expects 39 countries , regions or organizations to send teams to the asian games , but is still waiting for confirmation from tajikistan , mongolia and a palestinian team , the games ' organizers said monday .
despite catastrophic hunger at home , north korea plans to send 317 athletes and officials to next month 's asian games in thailand , south korean officials said thursday .
chinese swimmers , missing some of their stars , are eyeing japan as the team to beat at the asian games in thailand , an official report said wednesday .
star striker chen yang scored a hat trick wednesday for china in a lackluster 4-1 victory over cambodia , securing his country a spot in the second soccer round for the 13th asian games .
once at the top of world field hockey , india would like to have a hockey god to help regain that glory , `` things are changing in bangkok , and we are feeling much better , '' rajinder singh , manager of the indian hockey squad , said friday , a day after the indians defeated japan 3-2 in a warmup match for the asian games .
china 's swim team will hit the water at the asian games on monday with a reminder of the darkest chapter in its story of drug shame .
china 's swim team will hit the water at the asian games on monday with a reminder of the darkest chapter in its story of drug shame .
china 's women divers expect to clinch asian games gold in the platform competition but could face stiff competition from kazakstan in the springboard .
china 's women divers expect to clinch asian games gold in the platform competition but could face stiff competition from kazakstan in the springboard .
brazilian stocks dropped sharply monday in the lowest trading volume of the year despite the almost certain re-election of president fernando henrique cardoso .
attention has shifted in brazil from the president 's almost-certain re-election to gubernatorial runoff elections , on which the success of belt tightening measures deemed necessary to avert an economic meltdown may hinge .
with president fernando henrique cardoso 's economic austerity plan at a critical point for brazil , voters went to the polls sunday to elect governors in 12 states and the federal district of brasilia .
this time around , the presidential rolls royce is staying in the garage , and forget about champagne , the inauguration will be toasted with locally-grown sparkling wine and contraband whiskey seized by customs officials .
brazilian voters appeared to re-elect president fernando henrique cardoso in the first round of balloting sunday , thus maintaining the leadership of a country struggling against economic crisis .
brazilian voters gave president fernando henrique cardoso a comfortable lead in the first round of balloting sunday , apparently maintaining the leadership of a country struggling against economic crisis .
through the anxious weeks leading up to the national elections here on sunday , as some $ 30 billion fled brazil despite the doubling of domestic interest rates , international financial officials watched for the government to tackle cost-cutting reforms as soon as voting ended .
the new york times said in editorial for wednesday , oct. 7 : brazilian president fernando henrique cardoso has little time to savor his apparent first-round re-election victory sunday .
rivals of president fernando henrique cardoso won important victories in gubernatorial races sunday , handing the recently re-elected president a complex landscape for pushing through long-delayed government and economic reforms .
the brazilian government , which recently pledged to slash discretionary spending by $ 7 billion in an urgent attempt to boost its economic credibility , has released new budget figures that show the true reduction will run about half the promised amount .
egyptian president hosni mubarak arrived saturday for a one-day visit to discuss regional problems with saudi king fahd and other high-ranking officials .
president hosni mubarak of egypt will go to syria and turkey to help cool tensions between the two countries , which appear to be edging toward a military conflict , a top egyptian official said saturday .
israel is not involved in any way in the current , growing confrontations between turkey and syria , a spokesman said saturday .
about 10,000 turkish soldiers have crossed into northern iraq to attack kurdish rebels , and the government said it might send forces into syria to eradicate guerrilla bases there , news reports said saturday .
the turkish government , which sent about 10,000 soldiers into northern iraq to attack kurdish rebels , has said it might send forces into syria to eradicate guerrilla bases there , according to news reports .
egyptian president hosni mubarak flew here on sunday to try to defuse growing tension between syria and turkey .
signaling it does not want to be involved in any potential military confrontation between syria and turkey , israel is limiting routine exercises along its own border with syria .
egyptian president hosni mubarak flew to damascus on sunday to try to defuse growing tension between syria and turkey .
tension between turkey and syria has risen to the point where the top turkish military commander says the two hostile neighbors have reached `` a state of undeclared war . ''
in a sign of arab concern over growing tensions between turkey and syria , egyptian president hosni mubarak flew on short notice to syria on sunday in an effort to defuse what is being portrayed in the middle east as an unsettling crisis .
assailants killed three soldiers and a civilian in the disputed territory of east timor , indonesia 's official antara news agency reported sunday .
a u.n. envoy said wednesday he was making progress in his efforts to mediate a settlement between portugal and indonesia on the disputed territory of east timor , news reports said .
portugal and indonesia are mulling a new proposal to settle their dispute over east timor , and talks between the two sides are at a crucial stage , according to a u.n. envoy .
indonesia 's military said friday that it was ready to act against a threat from an east timor rebel group to launch terrorist attacks .
rebels in the disputed territory of east timor were holding two soldiers captive wednesday after releasing 11 others they abducted in a deadly raid .
more than 100 people held a candlelight vigil outside the indonesian embassy thursday , demanding that president b.j .
stray bullets killed two villagers during a gunfight between separatist rebels and police in the northernmost indonesian region of aceh on sunday , witnesses said .
indonesian legislators on friday chided a portuguese effort to extradite former president suharto , describing the proposal as impossible and unreasonable .
opponents of indonesia 's control over the disputed territory of east timor said thursday that documents leaked from the indonesian ministry of defense show that the army is not drawing down its forces in the territory as the government has reported .
indonesia 's national commission on human rights will investigate accusations that soldiers executed as many as 50 people this month in the troubled province of east timor in a military operation against armed rebels , the government said tuesday .
taking a major step toward statehood , the palestinians on tuesday inaugurated gaza international airport , their first gateway to the world , with cheers , tears and an outpouring of patriotism .
taking a major step toward statehood , the palestinians on tuesday inaugurated gaza international airport , their first gateway to the world , with cheers , tears and an outpouring of patriotism .
the first palestinian commercial flight landed at amman 's marka airport on saturday , inaugurating an air route between jordan and the autonomous gaza strip .
israel has threatened to close down the palestinian-run gaza airport over a security violation , an israeli official said tuesday , a move that could further undermine the already fragile peace process .
israel has threatened to close down the palestinian-run gaza airport over a security violation , an israeli official said tuesday , a move that could further undermine the already fragile peace process .
israeli security officials delayed two planes from taking off from the palestinian airport on wednesday , the latest tensions in a rare area of israeli-palestinian cooperation .
israeli security officials delayed two planes from taking off from the palestinian airport on wednesday , marking the latest tensions in a rare area of israeli-palestinian cooperation .
palestinians celebrated with euphoria the long-delayed opening of their international airport tuesday as a parade of planes swooped down from cottony skies and glided to a literal red-carpet landing in the flatlands of gaza .
cruising at 19,000 feet on saturday in the cockpit of the first palestinian airlines flight to depart from gaza 's new international airport , capt .
cruising at 19,000 feet on saturday in the cockpit of the first palestinian airlines flight to depart from gaza 's new international airport , capt .
libyan leader moammar gadhafi said the suspects in the lockerbie bombing are ''very happy '' to be tried in the netherlands , and he hoped the trial would lead to a better relationship with the united states .
libya has denied u.s.,british allegations that it is delaying the hand-over of two men wanted for the blowing up of an american airliner over lockerbie , scotland .
zimbabwean president robert mugabe arrived in egypt monday after meeting with libyan leader moammar gadhafi , it was not clear if his plane flew directly from libya in violation of a u.n. air embargo on the north african state .
zimbabwean president robert mugabe arrived monday in egypt after meeting with libyan leader moammar gadhafi , it was not clear if his plane flew directly from libya in violation of a u.n. air embargo on the north african state .
newspapers reported wednesday that three top libyan officials have been tried and jailed in the lockerbie case , but libyan dissidents said the reports appeared to be a political ploy by libya 's leader , col. moammar gadhafi .
secretary-general kofi annan said wednesday that he may travel to libya next week in hopes of closing a deal to try two libyan suspects in the pan am lockerbie bombing .
secretary-general kofi annan said wednesday that he is considering a trip to libya next week that could close a deal to try libyan suspects in the pan am lockerbie bombing .
louis farrakhan , the leader of a u.s. muslim group , met with libyan leader moammar gadhafi on sunday and congratulated him on his recovery from a hip injury , state-run libyan radio reported .
among majestic roman ruins set against an azure sea , sebastian cuisenier walked alone , a rare visitor to a site that almost anywhere else in the world would be thronged with tourists .
outwardly at least , nearly everything on display in libya these days seems calculated to project defiance , posters plastered on downtown streets mock six years of u.n. sanctions , hailing as heroes african leaders who have flown to libya in violation of an international ban on air travel here .
foreign minister ismail cem said wednesday turkey was remaining cautious towards neighboring syria despite a deal with damascus to crack down on a kurdish rebel group .
russia 's parliament on wednesday asked president boris yeltsin to offer political asylum to kurdish rebel leader abdullah ocalan , who is wanted in turkey on charges of heading a terrorist organization .
russia 's parliament on wednesday asked president boris yeltsin to offer political asylum to kurdish rebel leader abdullah ocalan , who is wanted in turkey on charges of heading a terrorist organization .
the foreign ministry on friday protested the invitation by 109 greek deputies to a kurdish rebel leader to visit greece .
seven female members of a kurdish group were on a three-day hunger strike tuesday in support of a controversial kurdish leader , whom they claim is being persecuted .
abdullah ocalan , leader of kurdish insurgents who has been sought for years by turkey , has been detained in rome after stepping off a plane from moscow , turkish and italian officials said friday .
the leader of a 14-year-old kurdish insurgency , considered a terrorist by turkey and its most-wanted criminal , has been arrested in rome , setting up a major battle with italy over his extradition .
the leader of a 14-year-old kurdish insurgency , considered a terrorist by turkey and its most-wanted criminal , has been arrested in rome , setting up a major battle with italy over his extradition .
about 100 kurds began a hunger strike in the main square of nicosia on saturday to protest the detention in italy of kurdish rebel leader abdullah ocalan .
a three-week-old crisis between turkey and syria appears to have been at least temporarily defused by the signing of an agreement in which syria agreed to stop supporting kurdish rebels , who are demanding a homeland in turkey .
the united states and other economic powers moved ahead saturday toward an overhaul of the world 's financial system to prevent widening market turmoil from pushing more countries into recession .
the chief executive of the international monetary fund said wednesday there should be a slight improvement in global economic fortunes next year spearheaded by europe and the united states .
when josue da silva stepped up to the consumer society four years ago , the ground underfoot felt solid and endless .
as financial leaders from the world 's major economies , as well as from many of the most shell-shocked , gathered saturday for talks , the clinton administration faced unusual challenges from europe , japan and emerging-market nations , which are all arriving with different and even contradictory strategies for stabilizing the global economy .
brazilian voters appeared to re-elect president fernando henrique cardoso in the first round of balloting sunday , thus maintaining the leadership of a country struggling against economic crisis .
brazilian voters gave president fernando henrique cardoso a comfortable lead in the first round of balloting sunday , apparently maintaining the leadership of a country struggling against economic crisis .
through the anxious weeks leading up to the national elections here on sunday , as some $ 30 billion fled brazil despite the doubling of domestic interest rates , international financial officials watched for the government to tackle cost-cutting reforms as soon as voting ended .
increasingly angry at what they consider the lenient treatment that russia received in its $ 4.5 billion bailout by the international monetary fund , latin american officials and economists warned monday that the programs being offered to protect their own countries were too paltry .
the new york times said in editorial for wednesday , oct. 7 : brazilian president fernando henrique cardoso has little time to savor his apparent first-round re-election victory sunday .
as a three-man economic team headed for washington , and president fernando henrique cardoso flew off to portugal , brazilian government officials put the finishing touches friday on an ambitious package to raise $ 20 billion in revenues through spending cuts and tax increases next year .
in 1992 , in a good year for democrats , barbara boxer won her seat in the u.s. senate with 48 percent of the vote , in the six years since , she has been a reliably outspoken liberal from a state that is less so , and has never managed to lift her job approval ratings above 50 percent .
anyone following the u.s. senate race in new york this year could be forgiven for concluding that this is one of the epic ideological battles of the 1990s : the right-wing extremist , sen. alfonse d'amato , versus the ultraliberal brooklyn congressman , charles schumer .
anyone following the u.s. senate race in new york this year could be forgiven for concluding that this is one of the epic ideological battles of the 1990s : the right-wing extremist , sen. alfonse d'amato , versus the ultraliberal brooklyn congressman , charles schumer .
as several of its members observed , monday 's debate and votes in the house judiciary committee marked only the third time in the nation 's history that impeachment of a president has been formally considered on capitol hill .
almost every member of the house judiciary committee paid some tribute to the constitution and the founding fathers monday .
sen. alfonse d'amato and rep. charles schumer are locked in an extraordinarily tight race for the u.s. senate , the outcome apparently rests with a small group of undecided voters , many of whom are not yet paying attention to the contest , a statewide new york times/cbs news poll has found .
she says he is `` duplicitous , '' a `` wolf in sheep 's clothing '' who has resorted to `` scuzzball '' campaign tactics in the past .
she says he is `` duplicitous , '' a `` wolf in sheep 's clothing '' who has resorted to `` scuzzball '' campaign tactics in the past .
rep. louise slaughter has not been a big fan of her fellow democrat bill clinton , she thinks that he was a major reason the democrats lost control of congress in 1994 , that he has struck one too many deals with the republicans , and that his behavior has been reckless and abhorrent .
for all the talk of duty and constitution , it was not all that difficult for the house to open a formal impeachment inquiry into president clinton thursday .
a former bosnian muslim prison guard charged with war crimes against serb captives should get a milder sentence because he suffers from mental problems worsened by the war , his lawyer told a u.n. tribunal monday .
yugoslav war crimes tribunal investigators plan to return to kosovo and resume their probe of alleged atrocities in the troubled province , a tribunal official said wednesday .
the general assembly voted friday to select three judges to fill a new trial chamber of the yugoslav war crimes tribunal , whose caseload could grow with atrocities committed during the kosovo conflict .
a delegation of u.n. war crimes investigators and prosecutors plans to visit kosovo early next month , officials at the yugoslav war crimes tribunal said wednesday .
handing the yugoslav war crimes tribunal only its third conviction , a bosnian serb thursday pleaded guilty to 14 murders .
three serbs were wounded after their cars were raked by gunfire from separatist ethnic albanians , police said wednesday .
three serbs were wounded after their cars were raked by gunfire from separatist ethnic albanians , police said wednesday .
the president of the u.n. war crimes tribunal angrily branded yugoslavia a `` rogue state '' thursday after belgrade refused to allow investigators to probe alleged atrocities in kosovo .
yugoslavia must cooperate with a u.n. war crimes panel investigating allegations of atrocities in the rebellious yugoslav province of kosovo , a u.s. official said saturday .
a 42-year-old man who says he is the lone survivor of a massacre in which 13 ethnic albanians were summarily shot and killed in this village in kosovo recalled thursday how he was herded into a garden with other men and told to lie flat on the ground .
unknown gunmen abducted three britons and a new zealand citizen in russia 's breakaway chechnya region after a shootout with their bodyguards , a regional official said sunday .
a foreign office minister said monday that the british phone company whose four employees were kidnapped in chechnya at the weekend was specifically warned to withdraw from russia 's breakaway region , but ignored the advice .
the british embassy in moscow has received no direct information about three britons and a new zealander kidnapped in breakaway chechnya nearly two weeks ago , an embassy official said wednesday .
a bomb exploded in a car carrying a senior muslim cleric in breakaway chechnya on thursday , but he was not hurt , russian news agencies reported .
chechen officials said the bodies of four kidnapped foreigners had been found tuesday near a remote village .
chechen authorities found the remains of four kidnapped foreigners tuesday near a remote village in the breakaway region in southern russia .
chechen authorities found the remains of four kidnapped foreigners tuesday near a remote village in the breakaway region in southern russia .
chechen authorities found the decapitated heads of four kidnapped foreigners tuesday near a remote village after a two-month search in the breakaway region in southern russia .
the severed heads of four kidnapping victims , identified as three britons and a new zealander , were found tuesday on the side of a road in chechnya , the breakaway region on russia 's southern border that emerged undefeated from a brutal war two years ago only to be engulfed by a wave of kidnappings and crime .
torturers and bombers who carried out atrocities defending or fighting apartheid need counseling to ensure they do not repeat their crimes , an expert for south africa 's reconciliation body said thursday .
a panel probing apartheid-era abuses has accused the african national congress of human rights violations , including torture and bomb attacks , the state broadcaster said monday .
the institution exploring apartheid 's horrors will issue a report that finds the african national congress shares blame for human rights violations as it struggled to overcome white rule .
a panel investigating apartheid-era atrocities said wednesday it will not implicate the last apartheid president , f.w .
president nelson mandela acknowledged saturday the african national congress violated human rights during apartheid , setting him at odds with his deputy president over a report that has divided much of south africa .
facing a court challenge , the truth and reconciliation commission said wednesday that it would withhold , at least temporarily , the parts of its final report that implicate south africa 's last apartheid-era president , f.w .
following are excerpts from the final report issued by south africa 's truth and reconciliation commission on thursday : primary finding on the basis of the evidence available to it , the primary finding of the commission is that : the predominant portion of gross violations of human rights was committed by the former state through its security and law-enforcement agencies .
the new york times said in an editorial on sunday , nov. 1 : the 3,500-page report of the south african truth and reconciliation commission , released on thursday , is the most comprehensive and unsparing examination of a nation 's ugly past that any such commission has yet produced .
the deal that south africa 's truth and reconciliation commission offered was simple enough : confess your crimes , apply for amnesty and you will go free .
the deal that south africa 's truth and reconciliation commission offered was simple enough : confess your crimes , apply for amnesty and you will go free .
bestowing on him the `` radiant badge of martyrdom , '' pope john paul ii on saturday honored croatia 's world war ii cardinal , a hero to roman catholics , but long a symbol of divisions in the balkans .
bestowing on him the `` radiant badge of martyrdom , '' pope john paul ii on saturday honored croatia 's world war ii cardinal , a hero to roman catholics , but long a symbol of divisions in the balkans .
declaring him a martyr of the faith , pope john paul ii on saturday honored croatia 's world war ii cardinal , a hero to roman catholics , but long a symbol of divisions in the balkans .
declaring him a martyr of the faith , pope john paul ii on saturday honored croatia 's world war ii cardinal , a hero to roman catholics , but long a symbol of divisions in the balkans .
declaring him a martyr of the faith , pope john paul ii on saturday honored croatia 's world war ii cardinal , a hero to roman catholics , but long a symbol of divisions in the balkans .
on a sun-basked seaside packed with pilgrims , pope john paul ii sought sunday to heal the wounds left by war and totalitarian rule , urging a renewal of values in croatian society .
on a sun-basked seaside packed with pilgrims , pope john paul ii sought sunday to heal the wounds left by war and totalitarian rule , urging a renewal in croatian society .
hailing the world war ii archbishop of zagreb as a martyr to `` the atrocities of the communist system , '' pope john paul ii beatified him on saturday .
hailing the world war ii archbishop of zagreb as a martyr to `` the atrocities of the communist system , '' pope john paul ii beatified him saturday .
at a seaside mass here pope john paul ii called for reconciliation throughout the former yugoslavia and urged the world to do more for the victims of the balkan war that ended not long ago in croatia and that has most recently raged in kosovo .
turkey 's government collapsed wednesday after losing a confidence vote in parliament over a corruption scandal that tainted the prime minister with allegations of mob ties .
turkey 's president began trying to construct a new government wednesday but the pieces do not neatly fit : pro-islamic forces pressing for power and their military-backed , western-style opponents struggling to unite .
the head of turkey 's pro-islamic party said thursday he would not insist on his rightful chance to lead turkey 's next government , heading off a confrontation with the military that would only deepen the nation 's political crisis .
the head of turkey 's pro-islamic party said thursday he would not insist on his rightful chance to lead turkey 's next government , heading off a confrontation with the military that would only deepen the nation 's political crisis .
the head of turkey 's pro-islamic party said thursday he would not insist on his rightful chance to lead turkey 's next government , heading off a confrontation with the military that would only deepen the nation 's political crisis .
one of turkey 's leading politicians warned sunday that a political vacuum could cripple the domestic battle to keep islamists at bay and in the fight abroad for the extradition of a kurdish rebel leader .
one of turkey 's leading politicians warned sunday that a political vacuum could cripple the domestic battle to keep islamists at bay and the fight abroad for the extradition of a kurdish rebel leader .
turkey 's secular military leadership warned a pro-islamic party monday against dragging the army into politics , after its leader said the party has the backing of the army in forming a new government recai kutan , leader of islamic virtue party , was quoted by the daily milliyet on saturday as saying that they were receiving signals that the army liked the party 's new moderate tone .
turkish president suleyman demirel planned to meet with deputy premier bulent ecevit on wednesday , stoking speculation that he 'd ask the center-left leader to form a new government .
the government of prime minister mesut yilmaz , plagued since its inception 17 months ago by competing pressures from islamic groups and the rigidly secular military , lost a vote of confidence in parliament and fell wednesday .
an arctic cold wave that hit poland a week ago has killed 32 people , police said monday , most of the victims were middle-aged men who had been drinking alcohol and passed out in the cold , according to grazyna puchalska of the national police headquarters .
an arctic cold wave and accompanying blizzards have killed at least 62 people throughout europe , police and media reported monday .
an arctic cold wave and accompanying blizzards have killed at least 65 people throughout europe , police and media reported monday .
krzysztof chmiel knows about being homeless and drinking , so his explanation for the 47 deaths as of wednesday in poland 's arctic cold wave sounds plausible .
unusually cold weather in moscow killed at least 39 people in november , medical officials said on monday , winter has come early to the russian capital this year , with temperatures below freezing through most of the month .
two more victims of poland 's prolonged cold front were found thursday , raising the death toll from more than two weeks of freezing temperatures to at least 74 .
two more victims of poland 's prolonged cold front were found thursday , raising the death toll from more than two weeks of freezing temperatures to at least 74 .
the death toll from almost three weeks of sub-zero temperatures has reached 83 , after a homeless man froze to death in a warsaw park .
the death toll from almost three weeks of sub-zero temperatures reached 85 on saturday , after two men froze to death in their unheated homes in northeastern poland .
national forecast inclement weather will affect parts of the northeast on thursday as developing low pressure lifts atlantic moisture across the region .
typhoon babs headed toward southern china friday after battering the central and northern philippines with heavy winds and rain that killed at least 82 people , flattened crops , and drove more than 100,000 people from their homes .
typhoon babs raced toward southern china on saturday , leaving behind a trail of destruction on the philippines ' main island where at least 129 people died and hundreds of thousands were forced to flee their homes .
from a distance , the smashed coconut and abaca trees scattered on the hills look like broken matchsticks , a painful reminder of the destruction left by typhoon babs in catanduanes .
typhoon babs brought torrential rains and landslides to taiwan and lashed hong kong with strong winds sunday after killing more than 150 people in the philippines and leaving hundreds of thousands homeless .
typhoon babs brought torrential rains and landslides to taiwan and lashed hong kong with strong winds sunday after killing at least 156 people in the philippines and leaving hundreds of thousands homeless .
typhoon babs weakened into a severe tropical storm sunday night after it triggered massive flooding and landslides in taiwan and slammed hong kong with strong winds .
president joseph estrada on thursday donated 600,000 pesos -lrb- dlrs 15,000 -rrb- , the equivalent of his salary for one year , to a fund for victims of recent typhoons in the philippines , the presidential palace said .
weak consumer demand is expected to have lowered inflation pressure on all commodity groups in the philippines in october , economists said wednesday .
the price of cooking oil in the philippines has risen drastically this month because of retailers speculating on a shortfall in copra production , the government said thursday .
national forecast snow advisories were issued thursday for the san juan mountains in southeast colorado as moist air drawn northward by a distant upper-level low-pressure system over northern nevada was forced to ascend the sloping terrain .
dr. barnett slepian , an obstetrician with a practice in suburban buffalo , n.y. , returned home from synagogue friday night with his wife , lynn , and greeted his four sons .
dr. barnett slepian , an obstetrician with a practice in suburban buffalo , n.y. , returned home from synagogue friday night with his wife , lynn , and greeted his four sons .
some of those whom knew him said dr. barnett slepian continued to perform abortions in the face of death threats because he had what one friend called `` a stubborn kind of courage . ''
with no arrests reported in friday night 's slaying of dr. barnett slepian , the three doctors who publicly acknowledge performing abortions in the buffalo area remained in seclusion sunday as residents of this quiet buffalo suburb reeled from the news that a sniper could still be in their midst .
the new york times said in an editorial on monday , oct. 26 : the murder of dr. barnett slepian is the latest depraved assault on the small number of courageous physicians who still risk their safety to perform legal abortions in this country .
neal horsley , a 54-year-old computer programmer in carrollton , ga. , does not understand what the fuss is about , three years ago , he established a web site called `` the nuremberg files , '' a list attempting , in his words , `` to record the name of every person working in the baby slaughter business across the united states of america . ''
in the second and final debate in the race for state attorney general , eliot spitzer , the democratic challenger , accused republican incumbent dennis vacco on sunday of ignoring the threat posed by radical anti-abortion advocates , thereby helping to ease the way for this weekend 's slaying of an obstetrician .
five sniper attacks against abortion doctors in canada and the united states have occurred in the last four years within a few weeks of nov. 11 , or veterans day , a date observed as remembrance day in canada , but which some anti-abortion activists are said to call `` remember the unborn children day . ''
the killing of dr. barnett slepian , a gynecologist in buffalo who performed abortions , has become a factor in at least two campaigns in new york , say political consultants and some campaign advisers .
with federal marshals posted outside and protesters waving pictures of aborted fetuses from the sidewalk , the clinic where dr. barnett a. slepian performed abortions until he was slain on friday night reopened here tuesday and its director vowed to continue his work .
a fire turned a dance hall jammed with teen-age halloween revelers into a deathtrap , killing 60 people and injuring 162 others in sweden 's second-largest city .
a fire turned a dance hall jammed with teen-age halloween revelers into a deathtrap , killing 60 people and injuring 162 others in sweden 's second-largest city .
a fire turned a swedish dance hall jammed with teen-age halloween revelers into a deathtrap , killing 60 people and injuring 155 .
hundreds of teen-agers jammed into an upstairs hall planning to dance the night away , but by the time the sun rose friday they were dead , clinging to life in hospitals or weeping in disbelief at a fire that killed 67 of them .
a panicky telephone call in poor swedish was the first word that authorities got of a fire racing through a dance hall crowded with immigrant teen-agers , delaying fire squads ' response to the blaze that killed 60 and injured 162 , officials said saturday .
forensic experts examining heavily burned bodies were able saturday to identify more of the 60 young people who died in a dance hall fire , but the catastrophe 's most tormenting question was still unanswered .
officials offered no word sunday on what might have caused the dance-hall fire that killed 60 young people , but reports of grim possibilities abounded in newspapers .
officials offered no word sunday on what might have caused the dance-hall fire that killed 60 young people , but reports of grim possibilities abounded in newspapers .
after clinging to life for three days , two youths trapped in a dance-hall fire died early monday , bringing the death toll in the inferno to 62 .
they were teen-agers whose parents had brought them here from homes torn by war or terror , from bosnia , eritrea , somalia and others , and in their new country they formed new bonds , through school and music and parties .
thousands of pro-democracy demonstrators rallied in a tehran park sunday to protest the rejection of scores of candidates for the election of a powerful assembly .
fearing an embarrassing low turnout in a key election friday , senior conservative clerics fervently urged iranians to vote in large numbers to show confidence in the 19-year-old islamic regime .
iranians voted friday to elect a key assembly expected to be dominated by hard-line clergymen who favor unhindered powers for iran 's supreme leader .
iran 's official media boasted about a huge turnout in elections friday for the council that oversees the country 's supreme leader .
conservative muslim clerics were leading in national elections for a key assembly that elects and oversees iran 's supreme leader , according to partial results saturday .
conservative muslim clerics were leading in national elections for a key assembly that elects and oversees iran 's supreme leader , according to partial results saturday .
iran 's conservatives won a decisive victory in elections for a clergy-based assembly that oversees the country 's supreme leader , official results showed sunday .
iran 's conservatives won a decisive victory in elections for a clergy-based assembly that oversees the country 's supreme leader , official results showed sunday .
iran 's conservatives won a decisive victory in elections for a clergy-based assembly that oversees the country 's supreme leader , official results showed sunday .
iran 's conservatives won a decisive victory in elections for a clergy-based assembly that oversees the country 's supreme leader , official results showed sunday .
it plowed over and past 17 caribbean islands , crashing into the lives of more than 30 million people .
things could have been worse , georges flirted with catastrophic 150 mph -lrb- 240 kph -rrb- winds over the atlantic , but entered the caribbean near guadeloupe in a somewhat diminished state .
at a shelter in puerto rico last week , hillary rodham clinton spoke of a dlrs 39 million dollar u.s. grant to rebuild hurricane-ravaged homes .
searchers recovered more bodies over the weekend from tons of gravel deposited by storm flooding in a southeastern haitian town , pushing the national death toll from hurricane georges past 150 , officials said monday .
haiti has only dlrs 23 million to rebuild roads , bridges and irrigation canals destroyed by hurricane georges , less than half of what is needed for just the hardest-hit areas , the government says .
national forecast frost will cover patches of the landscape from the western great lakes to the northern ohio valley on friday morning .
the voice that haunts bill becker is a woman 's , filled with fear , who dialed in the dark on sept. 25 as hurricane georges reached its 100 mph peak over the florida keys .
for 11 days last month , hurricane georges plowed across the caribbean , killing at least 500 people and inflicting property damage estimated at more than $ 5 billion as it weaved through nearly a dozen countries before expiring as an early fall rainstorm over georgia .
in many ways , the capital of puerto rico does not look strikingly different from cities in the 50 states like miami , houston and parts of new york .
a natural disaster as terrible as hurricane mitch , which killed more than 10,000 people in central america in the past two weeks and left nearly 1 million more homeless , teaches a lot about the way a society does or does not work .
with just five days until money for the new fiscal year runs out , president clinton and congressional democrats on monday escalated their criticism of republican leaders for not moving faster on the 13 spending bills needed to keep the government running .
congress is playing `` chicken '' with the president and the american public , the federal government is now running on borrowed time .
congress is playing `` chicken '' with the president and the american public , the federal government is now running on borrowed time .
with four days until temporary financing for the government runs out , house republican leaders tuesday demonstrated a new willingness to resolve several of the spending issues that had pointed toward a government shutdown .
the new york times said in an editorial for wednesday , oct. 7 : in an atmosphere already bitter over impeachment proceedings , president clinton and republican congressional leaders are heading toward another nasty confrontation on the budget that threatens to shut down the government .
with three days until temporary financing of the government expires , republican leaders met wednesday night with white house officials in their first high-level attempt to resolve dozens of spending issues and avoid a government shutdown .
republican congressional leaders presented the clinton administration thursday with a list of lending conditions that they want imposed on the international monetary fund in order for congress to approve $ 18 billion in new money for the imf .
budget negotiations faltered friday , prompting congress to delay until midnight monday its deadline for passing a spending bill to keep the government open .
with the republican plan for a big tax cut having died without coming to a vote in the senate , congress scrambled friday to put together a far smaller tax package that could win bipartisan support .
the clinton administration has begun to consult foreign governments about changes that will be demanded of the international monetary fund under a deal with congress to provide the fund with $ 18 billion , administration and congressional officials said sunday .
in a recent move that indicated he has no intention of backing away from his company 's aggressive business tactics , microsoft corp. 's chairman , bill gates , has proposed acquiring the software business behind 3com corp. 's popular palm pilot hand-held computer , according to people who have been briefed on the discussions .
after months of noisy prelude , the antitrust trial against the microsoft corp. opened in federal court monday morning with a pointed personal attack on bill gates , the company 's chairman , who testified in a taped deposition that he knew little if anything about the key charges leveled against his company by the justice department and 20 states .
the government 's case against microsoft is a narrative that revolves around netscape communications corp. and the government 's leading witness , james barksdale , netscape 's 55-year-old president and chief executive .
stinging from the government 's opening statement , a defiant microsoft corp. forcefully defended its chairman , bill gates , in federal court on tuesday , asserting that the no-holds-barred tactics of his company are not only common in the computer industry but also good for economy .
demonstrating yet again the power of its franchise , the microsoft corp. tuesday reported that its quarterly earnings had risen 58 percent over their level a year earlier , far exceeding wall street estimates .
in a recent move that indicated he has no intention of backing away from his company 's aggressive business tactics , microsoft corp. 's chairman , bill gates , has proposed acquiring the software business behind 3com corp. 's popular palm pilot hand-held computer , according to people who have been briefed on the discussions .
elevating the crime to a felony , increasing the fines and prison terms for individuals and setting fines for corporations convicted of violating it .
attempting to refute a central allegation in the government 's antitrust case , microsoft corp. on wednesday produced a secret e-mail message from the chairman of netscape communications corp. seeking microsoft 's cooperation , offering to stay out of its way and suggesting that microsoft invest in netscape .
a lawyer for microsoft corp. on thursday portrayed the company 's competitor in the internet software business , netscape communications corp. , as a willing and eager participant in deal-making that culminated in a june 1995 meeting at which the government and netscape now say that microsoft illegally offered to divide the market .
the new economy is on trial here along with microsoft corp. sure , the company is the one in the dock , but the outcome of the case against microsoft will establish the ground rules for how the doctrine of antitrust will apply to high-technology fields like computer software .
solemn-faced kenyans whose relatives were killed in the terrorist bombing of a u.s. embassy collected benefits on friday they said failed to compensate for their losses .
u.s. prosecutors have asked for a 20-day extension to provide germany with paperwork necessary to extradite a top lieutenant of saudi terrorist suspect osama bin laden , officials said saturday .
the united states has obtained new evidence to link the owner of a sudanese factory destroyed in a u.s. cruise missile strike last month to a terrorist group backed by osama bin laden , the suspected mastermind of the bombings of two u.s. embassies in east africa , according to u.s. intelligence officials .
the man accused of directing the bomb attack on the american embassy in kenya came of age in this impoverished indian ocean archipelago , a land where gifted teen-agers leave home to enroll in the radical islamic academies of libya , sudan and pakistan .
the man accused of directing the bomb attack on the american embassy in kenya came of age in this impoverished indian ocean archipelago , a land where gifted teen-agers leave home to enroll in the radical islamic academies of libya , sudan and pakistan .
federal prosecutors in manhattan said wednesday that one of the men accused of conspiring to bomb the u.s. embassies in kenya and tanzania in august had met earlier with osama bin laden , the suspected mastermind of the attacks , and `` asked him for a mission . ''
in a rare public statement about the august bombings of two u.s. embassies in africa , the fbi said friday that two vehicles had been used in the attack on the embassy here .
urged on by the clinton administration , saudi arabia 's top intelligence official met privately with the leader of the taliban in late september to try to persuade afghanistan to deport osama bin laden , the saudi exile suspected of masterminding the august bombings of two american embassies in east africa , according to u.s. and arab officials .
several months after the bombing of the world trade center in february 1993 , one of the suspects tried to bargain with federal prosecutors in new york , offering inside information about the bomb plot in exchange for a lighter sentence .
nine months before the attack on the american embassy here , u.s. intelligence officials received a detailed warning that islamic radicals were plotting to blow up the building , according to kenyan and american officials .
president joseph estrada on saturday urged militant unionists at philippine airlines to accept a vote by workers approving a 10-year no-strike deal to revive the debt-laden airline .
president joseph estrada said saturday the financially troubled philippine airlines will resume its international flights on sunday by flying him to singapore where he will address the world economic forum .
the philippine government is ready to give up its stake in ailing philippine airlines and will not infuse any additional capital if a new investor , possibly cathay pacific airways , comes in , officials said tuesday .
the number of labor strikes and lockouts in the philippines has declined this year despite business difficulties caused by asia 's financial crisis , the labor department said sunday .
prospective investor cathay pacific airways wants the number of employees at troubled philippine airlines to be slashed from more than 8,000 to 5,000 but pal has not yet agreed , finance secretary edgardo espiritu said monday .
ailing philippine airlines and prospective investor cathay pacific airways have clashed over the laying off of pal workers , prompting pal to revive talks with another foreign airline , an official said tuesday .
cathay pacific airways said wednesday it had pulled out of talks to buy a stake in ailing philippine airlines , making the uncertain future at pal even cloudier .
philippine airlines said thursday it will attempt to rebuild alone after hong kong 's cathay pacific airlines pulled out of talks on acquiring a stake in the ailing philippine flag carrier .
christmas is a sacred holiday in the philippines , and nowhere is that more evident than at the headquarters of philippine airlines .
china 's central government ordered the arrest of a prominent democracy campaigner and may use his contacts with exiled chinese dissidents to charge him with harming national security , a colleague said wednesday .
china 's government said thursday that two prominent dissidents arrested this week are suspected of endangering national security , the clearest sign yet chinese leaders plan to quash a would-be opposition party .
with attorneys locked up , harassed or plain scared , two prominent dissidents will defend themselves against charges of subversion thursday in china 's highest-profile dissident trials in two years .
china released a respected , but ailing labor rights campaigner from a prison work camp sunday and immediately sent him into exile in the united states .
in response to criticism from home and abroad , chinese officials broke their silence wednesday to defend their arrest this week of a prominent dissident who was trying to form an opposition political party .
one leader of a suppressed new political party will be tried on dec. 17 on a charge of colluding with foreign enemies of china `` to incite the subversion of state power , '' according to court documents given to his wife on monday .
a chinese dissident fleeing a new round of arrests of democracy activists in shanghai arrived here wednesday and announced that he and other opponents of the chinese government plan a demonstration thursday at the united nations to protest the crackdown .
protesting the lack of a defense lawyer , the father of a prominent dissident is to seek a delay in his son 's subversion trial , scheduled to start on thursday in the central city of wuhan .
the separate trials of two prominent democracy advocates for inciting subversion of the state opened thursday morning , with the families of both defendants protesting their inability to hire defense lawyers .
in a pointed speech delivered to communist party members in the great hall of the people , president jiang zemin made clear friday that china 's economic reforms were not a prelude to western-style multiparty democracy and that those who challenged the party 's supremacy would be quashed .
