cambodian leader hun sen on friday rejected opposition parties ' demands for talks outside the country , accusing them of trying to `` internationalize '' the political crisis .
king norodom sihanouk has declined requests to chair a summit of cambodia 's top political leaders , saying the meeting would not bring any progress in deadlocked negotiations to form a government .
cambodia 's two-party opposition asked the asian development bank monday to stop providing loans to the incumbent government , which it calls illegal .
cambodia 's ruling party responded tuesday to criticisms of its leader in the u.s. congress with a lengthy defense of strongman hun sen 's human rights record .
cambodia 's leading opposition party ruled out sharing the presidency of parliament with its arch foe saturday , insisting it alone must occupy the top position in the legislative body .
cambodia 's bickering political parties broke a three-month deadlock friday and agreed to a coalition government leaving strongman hun sen as sole prime minister , king norodom sihanouk announced .
cambodian politicians expressed hope monday that a new partnership between the parties of strongman hun sen and his rival , prince norodom ranariddh , in a coalition government would not end in more violence .
cambodian leader hun sen has guaranteed the safety and political freedom of all politicians , trying to ease the fears of his rivals that they will be arrested or killed if they return to the country .
worried that party colleagues still face arrest for their politics , opposition leader sam rainsy sought further clarification friday of security guarantees promised by strongman hun sen. sam rainsy wrote in a letter to king norodom sihanouk that he was eager to attend the first session of the new national assembly on nov. 25 , but complained that hun sen 's assurances were not strong enough to ease concerns his party members may be arrested upon their return to cambodia .
king norodom sihanouk on tuesday praised agreements by cambodia 's top two political parties , previously bitter rivals , to form a coalition government led by strongman hun sen .
honduras braced for potential catastrophe tuesday as hurricane mitch roared through the northwest caribbean , churning up high waves and intense rain that sent coastal residents scurrying for safer ground .
hurricane mitch paused in its whirl through the western caribbean on wednesday to punish honduras with 120-mph -lrb- 205-kph -rrb- winds , topping trees , sweeping away bridges , flooding neighborhoods and killing at least 32 people .
hurricane mitch cut through the honduran coast like a ripsaw thursday , its devastating winds whirling for a third day through resort islands and mainland communities .
at least 231 people have been confirmed dead in honduras from former-hurricane mitch , bringing the storm 's death toll in the region to 357 , the national emergency commission said saturday .
in honduras , at least 231 deaths have been blamed on mitch , the national emergency commission said saturday , el salvador , where 140 people died in flash floods , declared a state of emergency saturday , as did guatemala , where 21 people died when floods swept away their homes .
nicaraguan vice president enrique bolanos said sunday night that between 1,000 and 1,500 people were buried in a 32-square mile -lrb- 82.88 square-kilometer -rrb- area below the slopes of the casita volcano in northern nicaragua .
the european union on tuesday approved 6.4 million european currency units -lrb- dlrs 7.7 million -rrb- in aid for thousands of victims of the devastation caused by hurricane mitch in central america .
pope john paul ii appealed for aid wednesday for the central american countries stricken by hurricane mitch and said he feels close to the thousands who are suffering .
better information from honduras ' ravaged countryside enabled officials to lower the confirmed death toll from hurricane mitch from 7,000 to about 6,100 on thursday , but leaders insisted the need for help was growing .
aid workers struggled friday to reach survivors of hurricane mitch , who are in danger of dying from starvation and disease in the wake of the storm that officials estimate killed more than 10,000 people .
cuban president fidel castro said sunday he disagreed with the arrest in london of former chilean dictator augusto pinochet , calling it a case of `` international meddling . ''
britain has defended its arrest of gen. augusto pinochet , with one lawmaker saying that chile 's claim that the former chilean dictator has diplomatic immunity is ridiculous .
margaret thatcher entertained former children dictator gen. augusto pinochet at her home two weeks before he was arrested in his bed in a london hospital , the ex-prime minister 's office said tuesday , amid growing diplomatic and domestic controversy over the move .
the spanish and british governments appeared wednesday to be seeking shelter from the political storm brewing over the possible extradition of former chilean dictator augusto pinochet to spain .
a delegation of chilean legislators lobbying against the possible extradition of augusto pinochet to spain to face trial , warned thursday that chile was on the brink of political turmoil .
europe 's top official said friday that he hoped former chilean dictator augusto pinochet would be extradited to spain to be tried for crimes committed during his 17-year rule .
the wife of former chilean dictator augusto pinochet appealed for his release , saying he is too sick to be extradited to spain to face charges of genocide .
the british and spanish prime ministers said sunday that the fate of former chilean dictator gen. augusto pinochet is in the hands of their judicial authorities and they will not interfere .
the swiss government has ordered no investigation of possible bank accounts belonging to former chilean dictator augusto pinochet , a spokesman said wednesday .
as his lawyers in london tried to quash a spanish arrest warrant for gen. augusto pinochet , the former chilean dictator , efforts began in geneva and paris to have him extradited .
u.s. prosecutors have asked for a 20-day extension to provide germany with paperwork necessary to extradite a top lieutenant of saudi terrorist suspect osama bin laden , officials said saturday .
the taliban 's chief justice accused the united states on wednesday of looking for an `` excuse '' to launch another missile attack on his war-shattered homeland .
fbi agents this week began questioning relatives of the victims of the aug. 7 u.s. embassy bombing as well as the seriously injured on request of the u.s. attorney 's office for the southern district of new york , a u.s. official said thursday .
police arrested two journalists and charged them with writing articles to encourage muslim youths to stage an islamic revolution in bangladesh after the taliban model in afghanistan , a police officer said thursday .
the man accused of orchestrating the u.s. embassy bombings in tanzania and kenya was declared a free man friday in afghanistan , where he has lived for years with the permission of the hard-line islamic taliban militia .
albania says it has uncovered a terrorist network operated by osama bin laden , the islamic fundamentalist accused of masterminding the august embassy bombings in africa , and that it 's members have infiltrated other parts of europe , the sunday times reported .
the united states has obtained new evidence to link the owner of a sudanese factory destroyed in a u.s. cruise missile strike last month to a terrorist group backed by osama bin laden , the suspected mastermind of the bombings of two u.s. embassies in east africa , according to u.s. intelligence officials .
one of the clear but unstated objectives of last august 's raid on afghanistan was to kill osama bin laden and as many of his lieutenants as possible , administration officials now acknowledge .
sometime in the summer of 1997 , an operative for osama bin laden sat down at his personal computer in a hideaway in kenya , he was worried , he wrote in an angry dispatch , about the security of the `` east africa network '' of bin laden , the saudi exile accused of masterminding a worldwide terrorist conspiracy against americans .
if osama bin laden ever stands trial in new york for the bombings of the u.s. embassies in africa and other acts of terror , it is already clear who prosecutors will call as a chief witness : one of his senior aides who has been talking to u.s. investigators for two years .
in a critical ruling for the north american national basketball association and the players ' union , arbitrator john feerick decides monday whether more than 200 players with guaranteed contracts should be paid during the lockout .
in a critical ruling for the north american national basketball association and the players ' union , arbitrator john feerick decides monday whether more than 200 players with guaranteed contracts should be paid during the lockout .
he was the classic small-town prodigy , with the creativity of a big-city profiteer , when there was no shot to take , he invented a new one .
in a decision that will almost certainly lead to the first work stoppage in national basketball association history , the league monday announced the cancellation of all 114 preseason games .
patrick ewing did not want to sound like a striking longshoreman demanding health benefits , `` i 'm not going to try and put it in dollars and cents . ''
the first substantive talks in more than two months between opposing sides of the national basketball association 's labor dispute came and went thursday without a hint of a settlement .
despite modest encouragement over a new proposal delivered by the players to the owners , the national basketball association tuesday canceled the first two weeks of the regular season , the first time in the league 's 51-year history that it will lose games to a labor dispute .
the national basketball association , embroiled in a labor dispute with its players , tuesday canceled the first two weeks of the 1998-99 season .
more than 220 national basketball association players with guaranteed contracts will find out monday whether they are to be paid during the management lockout , a long-awaited arbitrator 's decision that may affect leverage in the league 's dispute with the players and have major ramifications on american sports-labor law .
as labor battles go , the current one between the national basketball association and its players is weird even by sports standards .
rebels attacked a village in western uganda and killed six civilians before soldiers drove them off , a military spokesman said thursday .
congolese rebels have taken their two-month campaign to oust president laurent kabila to the internet , `` we have to explain to the world audience who we are and what we 're fighting for , '' rebel leader ernest wamba dia wamba said on friday .
congolese rebels have taken their two-month campaign to oust president laurent kabila to the internet , `` we have to explain to the world audience who we are and what we 're fighting for , '' rebel leader ernest wamba dia wamba said on friday .
after a day of fighting , congolese rebels said sunday they had entered kindu , the strategic town and airbase in eastern congo used by the government to halt their advances .
rebel commanders said tuesday they were poised to overrun an important government-held air base in eastern congo , a battle that could determine the future of the two-month congolese war .
the bloody bandages of injured rebels trucked back to this rear base wednesday offered evidence that the three-day battle for the strategic air base at kindu was not going well for those fighting to oust congolese president laurent kabila .
rebels in eastern congo on saturday said they shot down a passenger jet ferrying 40 government soldiers into a strategic airport facing a rebel assault .
a day after shooting down a jetliner , congolese rebels and their rwandan allies pushed sunday through government defense lines , showing the confidence of a victor in a week-old battle for a strategic air base .
a day after shooting down a jetliner carrying 40 people , rebels clashed with government troops near a strategic airstrip in eastern congo on sunday .
back in the golden years , kasuku wa ngeyo had a farm and was the head of a 25,000-strong farmers organization in the northeastern breadbasket of this central african nation .
indonesian president b.j , habibie finds attending a summit of asia-pacific leaders `` difficult '' because of his concerns about the arrest of malaysia 's former deputy prime minister , a thai newspaper reported sunday .
the leaders of malaysia 's ruling party met tuesday to discuss a replacement for ousted deputy prime minister anwar ibrahim , who faces trial next month in a case that will test the country 's legal system .
after an unusual , one-on-one chat tuesday night , the philippine and indonesian presidents were considering staying away from an asia-pacific summit in malaysia to protest the treatment of their jailed friend anwar ibrahim .
the philippine ambassador to malaysia said friday he was summoned to the malaysian foreign ministry to explain his president 's statements in support of dissident anwar ibrahim .
the last time the asia-pacific region held its annual summit to promote free trade , japan 's prime minister assured everyone that his economy would n't be the next victim of asia 's financial crisis .
again bowing to chinese pressure , taiwan will send its chief economic planner to represent president lee teng-hui at november 's asian pacific economic cooperation forum summit in kuala lumpur , the foreign ministry said friday .
top finance officials from 14 countries in the asia-pacific region advised asia 's battered economies on sunday to adopt further reforms in their effort to restore stability .
the agenda might be global , but the menu will be malaysian when world leaders meet next week for the asia-pacific economic cooperation forum .
a group of high-powered u.s. investors in southeast asia on monday applauded efforts to perk up thailand 's staggering economy , saying they had been assured by top thai officials that key economic reform packages will soon be approved .
in little more than a week , the world 's leaders will converge on this businesslike city in the heart of southeast asia for the annual meeting of the asia pacific economic cooperation forum .
israel 's cabinet announced within hours of a market bombing friday that it will put off a vote indefinitely on whether to ratify the wye river accord until palestinians crack down further on terrorism .
a car rigged with explosives blew up friday morning in jerusalem 's mahane yehuda market packed with israelis shopping for the jewish sabbath , killing two people and wounding 21 .
blood and soot-blackened water ran in rivulets from the charred wreckage , a burly policeman bent to cover a bloodied corpse with whatever was at hand , a sodden piece of cardboard , a plastic shopping bag .
israel 's cabinet decided friday to suspend indefinitely its ratification of the land-for-security agreement with the palestinians .
the radical group islamic jihad claimed responsibility saturday for the suicide bombing of a crowded jerusalem market and promised more attacks to try to block the new peace accord .
a defiant prime minister benjamin netanyahu said saturday that israel would continue to build jewish neighborhoods throughout jerusalem , including at a controversial site in the traditionally arab sector of the city .
a defiant prime minister benjamin netanyahu said saturday that israel would continue to build jewish neighborhoods throughout jerusalem , including at a controversial site in the traditionally arab sector of the city .
setting the stage for a new quarrel over how to crack down on militants , israel is demanding that the military wings of two radical islamic groups be outlawed , while the palestinian authority insists it has already banned them .
the militant palestinian movement islamic holy war said saturday that it carried out the suicide bombing in a jerusalem market on friday , which prompted arrests by the palestinian authority overnight .
on a warm , sunny morning last friday , at the time he usually left for work at his family 's produce store , youssef sughayer said goodbye to his grandmother for the last time and rode off to his death .
bruises on the face of jailed dissident anwar ibrahim , splashed on newspaper front pages for two days and downloaded from the internet , are blemishing the image of malaysian police .
prime minister mahathir mohamad said friday he is not too choosy about who will be his successor , the man need not necessarily be very religious and only preoccupied with doing virtuous deeds at all times , the national news agency , bernama , quoted mahathir as saying after friday prayers at the al-falah mosque in the northern town of jitra in kedah state .
the european union on friday expressed its `` deep concern '' over reports of physical abuse of malaysia 's former deputy-prime minister , anwar ibrahim , who was arrested last month .
deprived of a voice in state-controlled newspapers and television , supporters of malaysia 's jailed opposition leader have turned to the internet to air their views .
indonesian president b.j , habibie finds attending a summit of asia-pacific leaders `` difficult '' because of his concerns about the arrest of malaysia 's former deputy prime minister , a thai newspaper reported sunday .
a key witness in the government 's sexual misconduct case against malaysia 's former deputy prime minister remains determined to appeal his conviction , his attorney said monday .
the leaders of malaysia 's ruling party met tuesday to discuss a replacement for ousted deputy prime minister anwar ibrahim , who faces trial next month in a case that will test the country 's legal system .
lawyers for the prime minister 's former deputy , now his most prominent opponent , went to court thursday to demand their client 's release from indefinite detention .
the arrest of former malaysian deputy prime minister anwar ibrahim wo n't lead to massive social unrest or frighten away investors , malaysia 's trade minister said thursday .
among asia 's leaders , prime minister mahathir mohamad was notable as a man with a bold vision : a physical and social transformation that would push this nation into the forefront of world affairs .
u.s. special envoy richard holbrooke said monday the military situation in kosovo was as bad now as two weeks ago .
the united states and russia are ratcheting up the pressure on president slobodan milosevic , warning that nato airstrikes are inevitable unless he takes decisive action soon to end the humanitarian crisis in the southern serbian province .
the united states and russia are ratcheting up the pressure on president slobodan milosevic , warning that nato airstrikes are inevitable unless he takes decisive action soon to end the humanitarian crisis in the southern serbian province .
the united states and russia are ratcheting up the pressure on yugoslav president slobodan milosevic , warning that nato airstrikes are inevitable unless he takes decisive action to end the crisis in kosovo province .
with the threat of nato attack mounting , yugoslavia 's prime minister warned monday the nation faces the `` immiment danger of war '' and claimed the government was taking steps to comply with international demands for peace in kosovo .
with the threat of nato attack mounting , yugoslavia 's prime minister warned monday the nation faces the `` imminent danger of war '' and claimed the government is taking steps to comply with international demands for peace in kosovo .
with nato attacks said to be only days away , top u.s. envoy richard holbrooke delivered an 11th-hour warning monday to yugoslavia 's president to halt his crackdown on ethnic albanians in kosovo or face airstrikes .
with nato attacks said to be only days away , top u.s. envoy richard holbrooke delivered a last-minute warning monday to yugoslavia 's president to halt his crackdown on ethnic albanians in kosovo or face airstrikes .
under nato threat to end his punishing offensive against ethnic albanian separatists in kosovo , president slobodan milosevic of yugoslavia has ordered most units of his army back to their barracks and may well avoid an attack by the alliance , military observers and diplomats say .
the american envoy richard holbrooke met with president slobodan milosevic of yugoslavia monday night and according to american diplomats told him that he had to take further steps to pull back his military in kosovo province or face a nato attack .
famine-threatened north korea 's harvest will be no better this year than last and could be worse , a senior u.n. aid official said saturday .
the founder of south korea 's largest conglomerate plans to visit his native north korea again next week with a gift of 501 cattle , company officials said thursday .
a north korean man arrived in seoul wednesday and sought asylum after escaping his hunger-stricken homeland , government officials said .
north korea is entering its fourth winter of chronic food shortages with its people malnourished and at risk of dying from normally curable illnesses , senior red cross officials said tuesday .
years of food shortages have stunted the growth of millions of north korean children , with two-thirds of children under age seven suffering malnourishment , u.n. experts said wednesday .
despite catastrophic hunger at home , north korea plans to send 317 athletes and officials to next month 's asian games in thailand , south korean officials said thursday .
hunger and malnutrition in cambodia are reaching crisis levels comparable to the effects of famine in north korea , a u.n. world food program representative said tuesday .
police in northeastern china 's jilin province said monday they had rounded up at least 100 north koreans and sent them back to endure a famine in their reclusive country .
a congressman who visited remote parts of north korea last week said saturday that the food and health situation there was desperate and deteriorating , and that millions of north koreans might have starved to death in the last few years .
more than five years of severe food shortages and a near-total breakdown in the public health system have led to devastating malnutrition in north korea and probably left an entire generation of children physically and mentally impaired , a new study by international aid groups has found .
organizers of december 's asian games have dismissed press reports that a sports complex would not be completed on time , saying preparations are well in hand , a local newspaper said friday .
thailand showed its nearly complete facilities for the asian games to a tough jury thursday , the heads of the organizing committees from the 43 nations competing in the december event .
thai police have detained more than 300 beggars , most from neighboring countries , in a campaign to make bangkok 's streets safer for spectators and athletes arriving for the upcoming asian games , a senior police officer said friday .
china 's national soccer team could call back four players from overseas to boost its chances at the asian games in thailand in december , an official newspaper reported monday .
saudi arabia 's abrupt withdrawal from the asian games left organizers scrambling thursday to change schedules and thai diplomats mulling a decade of relations strained by jewel theft and the murder of diplomats .
horses belonging to iran 's equestrian team will not be allowed to compete in next month 's asian games because they failed to meet the requirements of the games ' veterinary commission , the thai organizers announced thursday .
saudi arabia is considering sending a small team to the bangkok asian games from which it pulled out unexpectedly this week , a saudi official said saturday .
a snooker game between longtime asian rivals india and pakistan led to a flareup of tempers sunday , showing a depth of differences that shocked thai organizers and spectators at the asian games .
for some teams , `` out of bounds '' at the asian games means more than just a line on a soccer field or basketball floor , that 's because the host city offers the punchy mix of viagra and notorious night life .
in rites building from low flares symbolizing dawn to a fiery cauldron lighting , thailand 's king opened the asian games sunday night , giving thais some respite from an economic crisis that once threatened the continent 's olympic-style event .
hours before china was expected to sign a key u.n. human rights treaty and host british prime minister tony blair , police hauled a prominent human rights campaigner in for questioning monday .
police detained and questioned the organizer of a group set up by dissidents to monitor official corruption and told him the group 's activities must cease , a human rights group said thursday .
china 's central government ordered the arrest of a prominent democracy campaigner and may use his contacts with exiled chinese dissidents to charge him with harming national security , a colleague said wednesday .
china 's government said thursday that two prominent dissidents arrested this week are suspected of endangering national security , the clearest sign yet chinese leaders plan to quash a would-be opposition party .
with attorneys locked up , harassed or plain scared , two prominent dissidents will defend themselves against charges of subversion thursday in china 's highest-profile dissident trials in two years .
in response to criticism from home and abroad , chinese officials broke their silence wednesday to defend their arrest this week of a prominent dissident who was trying to form an opposition political party .
one leader of a suppressed new political party will be tried on dec. 17 on a charge of colluding with foreign enemies of china `` to incite the subversion of state power , '' according to court documents given to his wife on monday .
a chinese dissident fleeing a new round of arrests of democracy activists in shanghai arrived here wednesday and announced that he and other opponents of the chinese government plan a demonstration thursday at the united nations to protest the crackdown .
protesting the lack of a defense lawyer , the father of a prominent dissident is to seek a delay in his son 's subversion trial , scheduled to start on thursday in the central city of wuhan .
the separate trials of two prominent democracy advocates for inciting subversion of the state opened thursday morning , with the families of both defendants protesting their inability to hire defense lawyers .
a week after the white house and congressional democrats disavowed his `` war '' on speaker newt gingrich , james carville , president clinton 's former campaign strategist and chief outside defender , put forth a new battle cry wednesday : he will not be muzzled .
the presidential campaign of 2000 began wednesday , like it or not , the millennial election will be fought on a political playing field whose rough outlines , if not its exact boundaries , were drawn by the voters in tuesday 's elections , which delivered a crushing disappointment to the giddy hopes of the republicans and an unexpected elixir to the recently ailing democrats .
this is what newt gingrich is supposed to do well , the planning .
stunned by the democratic resurgence in the mid-term elections , congressional republicans tore into each other wednesday over who was to blame for their failure to make the traditional opposition party gains in an off-year election .
stunned by the democratic resurgence in the mid-term elections , congressional republicans tore into each other wednesday over who was to blame for their failure to make the traditional opposition party gains in an off-year election .
stunned by the democratic resurgence in the mid-term elections , congressional republicans tore into each other wednesday over who was to blame for their failure to make the traditional opposition party gains in an off-year election .
an intense struggle for control of the house is underway , with rep. bob livingston conducting a telephone campaign to replace rep. newt gingrich as speaker and gingrich fighting with a counter-campaign that has given some members pause about ousting him .
a struggle for control of the house is under way , with rep. robert livingston conducting a telephone campaign that could lead to him running against newt gingrich as speaker .
just four years ago , it was a good bet that newt gingrich would be the pivotal figure in u.s. politics at the turn of the millennium .
house speaker newt gingrich , who orchestrated the republican revolution of recent years and is overseeing the impeachment inquiry into president clinton , was driven from office friday by a party that swiftly turned on him after its unexpected losses in tuesday 's midterm elections .
the outcome of the microsoft antitrust case may be a long way off , but one thing is already clear : this is the first major e-mail trial .
america online is on the verge of agreeing to purchase netscape communications corp. , the internet pioneer at the center of the government 's antitrust suit against microsoft corp. , executives involved in the talks said sunday .
america online is on the verge of agreeing to purchase netscape communications corp. , the internet pioneer at the center of the government 's antitrust suit against microsoft corp. , executives involved in the talks said sunday .
america online inc. wants to become the `` next microsoft '' in two promising information-age fields where microsoft corp. is just another company , the internet media business and electronic commerce .
stock prices vaulted to record levels monday , furthering a recovery that as recently as two months ago seemed nearly unthinkable , `` i thought we were in the most serious correction since 1990 , but i never thought or wrote that the bull market was over , '' said byron wien , u.s. equity strategist at morgan stanley dean witter co. `` now it seems all of that is behind us . ''
microsoft corp. argued in federal court monday that the proposed acquisition of netscape communications corp. by america online seriously undermined the government 's antitrust suit against the software giant .
envisioning a thoroughly networked world in which the world wide web is a limitless marketplace of information , entertainment , products and services , america online inc. tuesday laid out the details of its agreement to buy the netscape communications corporation for $ 4.2 billion .
the new york times said in an editorial for wednesday , nov. 25 : america online 's effort to acquire netscape and set up a partnership with sun microsystems is a reminder of how rapidly the corporate landscape can change in fast-moving technical fields .
america online built itself into the most potent force in cyberspace largely by appealing to families with chatty teen-agers who want to flirt online and adults looking for an easy way to send electronic mail while checking the weather and sports scores .
america online built itself into the most potent force in cyberspace largely by appealing to families with chatty teen-agers who want to flirt online and adults looking for an easy way to send electronic mail while checking the weather and sports scores .
wall street extended a global stock selloff thursday with the dow industrials tumbling more than 200 points for a second straight day .
president boris yeltsin would respond strongly to any effort to prohibit russians from buying foreign currencies , believing the move would be like bringing another iron curtain down on the country , his spokesman said friday .
president leonid kuchma called friday for `` corrections '' to ukraine 's program of market reforms , but pledged that reforms would continue .
ukraine 's parliament on friday refused to approve president leonid kuchma 's decree establishing a state fund to compensate people for savings lost in banks .
prime minister yevgeny primakov said saturday that the economic crisis would not bring an end to the government 's program of privatizing state property .
russia 's new prime minister picked an unusual way to reassure the nation thursday , after two weeks of deliberations he announced that he still had no plan to rescue the country from its economic crisis .
when the world 's finance ministers and central bankers gathered last year in hong kong , they nervously congratulated each other for containing , at least for the moment , a nasty financial brush fire in asia .
in a season of crashing banks , plunging rubles , bouncing paychecks , failing cropsand rotating governments , maybe it is not the ultimate insult .
the united states is disappointed by the economic confusion within the new russian government of prime minister yevgeny primakov , said secretary of state madeleine albright on friday , and she warned russia about the dangers of an anti-western policy .
if the communist party has its way , and it has been planning for months , millions of russians will take to the streets on wednesday for some of the biggest demonstrations in years .
turkey has sent 10,000 troops to its southeastern border with syria amid growing tensions between the two neighbors , newspapers reported thursday .
signaling it does not want to be involved in any potential military confrontation between syria and turkey , israel is limiting routine exercises along its own border with syria .
egyptian president hosni mubarak met here sunday with syrian president hafez assad to try to defuse growing tension between syria and turkey .
egyptian president hosni mubarak met here sunday with syrian president hafez assad to try to defuse growing tension between syria and turkey .
as turkey kept up warlike rhetoric against damascus , egypt on sunday began shuttle democracy between the two neighbors to avoid a military confrontation over turkish kurdish bases in syria .
iran has offered to mediate between syria and turkey in the deepening dispute over kurdish rebel bases and plans to dispatch envoys to the two countries , the tehran times reported monday .
iran has offered to mediate between syria and turkey in the deepening dispute over kurdish rebel bases and will dispatch envoys to the two countries , the tehran times reported monday .
lebanon on monday denied it is harboring kurdish rebels and blamed israel for the rising tension between syria and turkey , president elias hrawi traveled to damascus monday for a summit meeting with president hafez assad to show lebanon 's support for syria .
greece on monday warned that mounting tension between turkey and syria could lead to `` tragic results '' if not dealt with in its early stages .
lebanon on monday denied it is harboring kurdish rebels and blamed israel for the rising tension between syria and turkey , president elias hrawi traveled to damascus monday for a summit meeting with president hafez assad to show lebanon 's support for syria .
united states maxi sayonara looks set to continue the foreign domination of line honors in australia 's famous sydney to hobart yacht race , which starts saturday .
leading maxi yachts brindabella , sayonara and marchioness were locked in a three-way duel down the new south wales state coast saturday as the sydney to hobart fleet faced deteriorating weather .
a major search was under way in bass strait off australia 's southeast coast on sunday night for an injured crewman swept overboard during the sydney-to-hobart yacht race .
two yacht crew members are dead , three yachts remain missing and rescue resources were stretched to the limit monday as huge seas and gale-force winds continued to batter the sydney-to-hobart race fleet .
two yacht crew members are dead , three yachts remain missing and rescue resources were stretched to the limit monday as huge seas and gale-force winds continued to batter the sydney-to-hobart race fleet .
gale-force winds and high seas battered yachts in the sydney-to-hobart race monday , killing at least two crew members and leaving two yachts missing .
gale-force winds and high seas battered yachts in australia 's sydney-to-hobart race monday , killing at least two crew members and leaving three yachts missing .
gale-force winds and high seas battered yachts in australia 's sydney-to-hobart race monday , killing at least two crew members and leaving three yachts missing .
two sailors died and 15 others were missing after gale-force winds and high seas battered yachts in the sydney-to-hobart yacht race monday .
british sailor glyn charles was missing and presumed drowned , becoming the third fatality in the sydney-to-hobart yacht race , while three others remained missing in rough seas after nightfall monday .
for the second day in a row , astronauts boarded space shuttle endeavour on friday for liftoff on nasa 's first space station construction flight .
endeavour and its astronauts closed in sunday to capture the first piece of the international space station , the russian-made zarya control module that had to be connected to the unity chamber aboard the shuttle .
endeavour 's astronauts connected the first two building blocks of the international space station on sunday , creating a seven-story tower in the shuttle cargo bay .
endeavour 's astronauts connected the first two building blocks of the international space station on sunday , creating a seven-story tower in the shuttle cargo bay .
endeavour 's astronauts connected the first two building blocks of the international space station on sunday , creating a seven-story tower in the shuttle cargo bay .
endeavour 's astronauts connected the first two building blocks of the international space station on sunday , creating a seven-story tower in the shuttle cargo bay .
washington , nasa and the russian space agency have agreed to set aside a last-minute russian request to launch an international space station into an orbit closer to mir , officials announced friday .
a last-minute alarm forced nasa to halt thursday 's launching of the space shuttle endeavour , on a mission to start assembling the international space station .
the planet 's most daring construction job began friday as the shuttle endeavour carried into orbit six astronauts and the first u.s.-built part of an international space station that is expected to cost more than $ 100 billion .
following a series of intricate maneuvers and the skillful use of the space shuttle endeavour 's robot arm , astronauts on sunday joined the first two of many segments that will form the international space station .
in his most candid remarks yet on the economy , european central bank president wim duisenberg said friday that growth appears to be slowing in the 11 countries adopting the eu common currency , or euro , on jan. 1 .
in a surprise move , nations adopting the new european currency , the euro , dropped key interest rates thursday , effectively setting the rate that will be adopted throughout the euro zone on jan. 1 .
making their first collective decision about monetary policy , the 11 european nations launching a common currency on jan. 1 cut interest rates thursday in a surprise move that won market confidence .
china made trading in the euro official monday , announcing authorization for the european common currency 's use in trade and financial dealings starting jan. 1 .
two days before the new euro currency goes into effect for 11 european union members , a growing number of danes believe their country should take part , according to a poll published tuesday .
the annual inflation rate in the 11 nations that adopt the euro as their shared currency on jan. 1 fell to 0.9 percent in november , the european union 's statistics agency reported wednesday .
wim duisenberg , the head of the new european central bank , said in an interview published wednesday that he wo n't step down after completing half his term as earlier agreed .
europe 's dream of monetary union becomes reality thursday when 11 nations irrevocably lock their currencies together to form the euro and create an economic giant whose boundaries stretch from beyond the arctic circle to the shores of the mediterranean .
struggling to avoid being sidelined in the continent-wide equities market promised by europe 's soon-to-be-introduced single currency , french authorities said thursday that the paris stock exchange would join an alliance between london and frankfurt that is seen as the precursor of a pan-european market .
palm pilot in one hand , cellular phone in the other , jean-marc routiers , 26 , was juggling business calls halfway between london and paris .
indonesia on tuesday denied claims that its troops massacred more than 40 east timorese recently , and criticized portugal for suspending u.n.-sponsored talks over the future of the troubled territory .
taiwan 's foreign ministry on thursday blamed `` administrative negligence '' for an incident in which nobel peace prize winner josi ramos-horta was left stranded at the airport for hours after being refused entry .
bent on revenge for earlier attacks on churches , mobs set fire to four mosques in west timor monday after a protest and strike by thousands of christians degenerated into a riot , the military and a muslim leader said .
protesters on sunday urged australian military leaders to identify indonesian army officers trained here to allow closer monitoring of human rights abuses in east timor .
protesters on sunday urged australian military leaders to identify indonesian army officers trained here to allow closer monitoring of human rights abuses in east timor .
representatives of exiled east timorese pro-independence groups said friday that indonesian troops attacked unarmed civilians in a village in the disputed southeast asian territory , killing one east timorese and wounding 22 others .
representatives of exiled east timorese pro-independence groups said friday that indonesian troops attacked unarmed civilians in a village in the disputed southeast asian territory , killing one east timorese and wounding 22 others .
representatives of exiled east timorese pro-independence groups said friday that indonesian troops attacked unarmed civilians in a village in the disputed southeast asian territory , killing one east timorese and wounding 22 others .
in a decision welcomed as a landmark by portugal , european union leaders saturday backed calls for a referendum to decide the fate of east timor , the former portuguese colony occupied by indonesia since 1975 .
as a u.n. envoy trotted toward an indonesian army helicopter , east timorese protesters spilled onto the runway tarmac and shouted their anger at nervous soldiers .
there 's room for a few more names on a 20th century honor roll of writers , and one will be added this week when the swedish academy announces the latest nobel literature laureate .
when alfred nobel wrote the directions establishing a literature prize in his name , he chose an unclear word and scratched out a few letters .
portuguese novelist jose saramago , whose capricious vision includes a section of europe breaking off and floating out to sea , on thursday was named the winner of the 1998 nobel literature prize .
jose saramago became the first writer in portuguese to win the nobel prize for literature on thursday , his personal delight was seconded by a burst of public elation in his homeland .
a day after winning the nobel prize for literature , portuguese novelist jose saramago insisted that while he was delighted to win the award , it could just as easily have gone to many other portuguese writers .
former u.s. president jimmy carter , who seems a perennial nobel peace prize also-ran , could have won the coveted honor in 1978 had it not been for strict deadline rules for nominations .
robert f. furchgott , louis j. ignarro and ferid murad of the united states on monday won the nobel medicine prize , they were given the prize for their discoveries concerning nitric oxide as a signaling molecule in the cardiovascular system , according to the citiation from the karolinska lnstitute .
three american researchers on monday won the nobel medicine prize for discovering how nitric oxide acts as a signal molecule in the cardiovascular system , a breakthrough with applications ranging from hardening of the arteries to impotence .
jose saramago , a 75-year-old portuguese writer who took up literature relatively late in life and whose richly imaginative novels soon won him a following of loyal readers across europe and vocal admirers in the united states , was awarded this year 's nobel prize in literature thursday by the swedish academy in stockholm .
three american pharmacologists were awarded the nobel prize on monday for their surprising discoveries of how natural production of a gas , nitric oxide , can mediate a wide variety of bodily actions .
ariel sharon , the hawkish former general tipped to be israel 's next foreign minister , said in an interview published sunday that if he gets the job , he wo n't shake the hand of palestinian leader yasser arafat .
brief biography of ariel sharon , named israel 's foreign minister : ,,, 1928 : born in kfar mallal in british-ruled palestine , 1948 mideast war : fights as junior officer , wounded three times .
ariel sharon 's appointment as the israeli foreign minister serves as `` the bullet of mercy '' for the middle east peace process , an official syrian newspaper said saturday .
ariel sharon 's appointment as the israeli foreign minister serves as `` the bullet of mercy '' for the middle east peace process , an official syrian newspaper said saturday .
ariel sharon 's appointment as the israeli foreign minister serves as `` the bullet of mercy '' for the middle east peace process , an official syrian newspaper said saturday .
ariel sharon 's appointment as the israeli foreign minister serves as `` the bullet of mercy '' for the middle east peace process , an official syrian newspaper said saturday .
a senior palestinian negotiator says the success of a peace summit this week near washington depends on a clear-cut `` yes '' from israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu to an american initiative .
ariel sharon has a law degree , and fancies himself a farmer , but for more than three decades his role in israeli public life has been that of an unapologetic warrior , first on the battlefield and later in the bare-knuckled combat of domestic partisan politics .
prime minister benjamin netanyahu appointed ariel sharon , a hawkish former defense minister , to be israeli foreign minister on friday in an effort to placate the far right as he moves closer to turning over more west bank land to the palestinians .
the new york times said in an editorial on saturday , oct. 10 : just days before heading to the united states for critical negotiations with palestinian leaders , prime minister benjamin netanyahu jolted the middle east peace effort with the appointment of ariel sharon as israeli foreign minister .
what started as a local controversy in salt lake city has evolved into a full-blown international scandal , the international olympic committee has ordered a top-level investigation into the payment of nearly dlrs 400,000 in scholarships to relatives of ioc members by the salt lake group which won the bid for the 2002 winter games .
moving quickly to tackle an escalating corruption scandal , ioc leaders questioned salt lake city officials friday in the first ever investigation into alleged vote-buying by an olympic city .
following is the text of the rules on gifts and benefits that were in force during the bidding for the 2002 winter olympics : , `` the finalist cities as well as third parties acting for them or on their behalf or in their favor , are forbidden to give ioc members , as well as their blood relations , relatives by marriage , guests or companions , any presents , liberalities or direct or indirect benefits other than souvenirs ot small presents of a total value which shall in no case exceed u.s. dlrs 150 per person . ''
a top ioc official on saturday made explosive allegations of widespread olympic corruption , saying agents demand up to dlrs 1 million to deliver votes in the selection of host cities .
a top ioc official on saturday made explosive allegations of widespread olympic corruption , saying agents demand up to dlrs 1 million to deliver votes in the selection of host cities .
the mayor of the japanese city of nagano , site of the 1998 winter olympics , denied allegations that city officials bribed members of the international olympic committee to win the right to host the games .
swiss ioc executive board member marc hodler said sunday he might be thrown out of the international olympic committee for making allegations of corruption within the olympic movement .
the senior olympic official who leveled stunning allegations of corruption within the ioc said sunday he had been `` muzzled '' by president juan antonio samaranch and might be throw out of the organization .
ioc president juan antonio samaranch on sunday promised to expel any members if they are found guilty of accepting bribes .
saying `` if we have to clean , we will clean , '' juan antonio samaranch responded on sunday to allegations of corruption in the olympic bidding process by declaring that ioc members who were found to have accepted bribes from candidate cities could be expelled .
amid a flurry of last minute preparations , the young palestinian authority prepared thursday for a milestone on the road to maturity : its very own airport .
amid a flurry of last minute preparations , the fledgling palestinian authority prepared thursday for a milestone on the road to maturity : its own airport .
the control tower is still without controls , the check-in counter has no computers and the runway ca n't function after dark for lack of flood lights .
taking a major step toward statehood , the palestinians on tuesday inaugurated gaza international airport , their first gateway to the world , with cheers , tears and an outpouring of patriotism .
taking a major step toward statehood , the palestinians on tuesday inaugurated gaza international airport , their first gateway to the world , with cheers , tears and an outpouring of patriotism .
the first palestinian commercial flight landed at amman 's marka airport on saturday , inaugurating an air route between jordan and the autonomous gaza strip .
israel has threatened to close down the palestinian-run gaza airport over a security violation , an israeli official said tuesday , a move that could further undermine the already fragile peace process .
israel has threatened to close down the palestinian-run gaza airport over a security violation , an israeli official said tuesday , a move that could further undermine the already fragile peace process .
israeli security officials delayed two planes from taking off from the palestinian airport on wednesday , the latest tensions in a rare area of israeli-palestinian cooperation .
israeli security officials delayed two planes from taking off from the palestinian airport on wednesday , marking the latest tensions in a rare area of israeli-palestinian cooperation .
libyan leader moammar gadhafi began a surprise visit to neighboring tunisia on monday , his first known trip since injuring his hip in july .
louis farrakhan , the leader of a u.s. muslim group , met with libyan leader moammar gadhafi on sunday and congratulated him on his recovery from a hip injury , state-run libyan radio reported .
secretary general kofi annan said wednesday he was extending his north african tour to include talks with libyan authorities , the remark was made without elaboration at a news conference in algiers hours before his arrival in tunis , his final scheduled stop on a tour aimed at unblocking plans for a u.n. referendum on the disputed western sahara .
u.n. secretary-general kofi annan left for libya saturday to hold talks aimed at putting two suspects on trial for the 1988 pan am bombing over lockerbie .
u.n. secretary-general kofi annan arrived in libya saturday for talks aimed at bringing to trial two libyan suspects in the 1988 pan am bombing over lockerbie , scotland .
after meeting libyan leader moammar gadhafi in a desert tent , u.n. secretary-general kofi annan said he thinks an arrangement for bringing two suspects to trial in the bombing of a pan am airliner could be secured in the `` not too distant future . ''
after meeting libyan leader moammar gadhafi in a desert tent , u.n. secretary-general kofi annan said he thinks an arrangement for bringing two suspects to trial in the bombing of a pan am airliner could be secured in the `` not too distant future . ''
libya 's justice minister on wednesday said the two suspects in the 1988 bombing of a pan am jetliner should not become victims of western politics when they go on trial .
qatar 's foreign minister , sheik hamad bin jassem bin jaber al thani , met libyan leader moammar gadhafi in the desert on saturday , libya 's official television reported .
with the mournful lament of bagpipes and prayers of healing , the people of lockerbie paid tribute to the 270 people killed when a bomb brought pan am flight 103 crashing down on this tiny town 10 years ago monday .
a kurdish rebel group fighting for autonomy in turkey 's southeast faces an uncertain future following the detention in rome of its founder and leader .
turkey stepped up the pressure on italy for the extradition of captured kurdish rebel leader abdullah ocalan , warning sunday that granting him asylum would amount to `` opening doors to terrorism . ''
turkey stepped up pressure on italy for the extradition of captured kurdish rebel leader abdullah ocalan , saying sunday that granting him asylum would amount to `` opening doors to terrorism . ''
greek media and officials leveled strong opposition sunday to the possible extradition of abdullah ocalan , the arrested kurdish guerrilla leader , to greece 's traditional rival turkey .
about 1,500 kurds who spent the night outside a military hospital where kurdish rebel leader abdullah ocalan is believed held continued their hunger strike monday to protest his detention .
turkish authorities negotiated with an imprisoned mob leader for a second day monday to secure the release of an italian inmate held hostage to pressure italy into extraditing a kurdish rebel leader , a prosecutor said .
italian authorities have turned back at least 136 people along the austro-italian border during an immigration crackdown prompted by the arrest of kurdish leader abdullah ocalan , austrian officials said monday .
thousands of kurds living in romania closed down restaurants , shops and companies to protest the arrest of leader abdullah ocalan by italian authorities , a newspaper reported tuesday .
about 1,000 policemen were assigned to protect turkish president suleyman demirel , who arrived tuesday on a three-day official visit .
facing his first real foreign policy test , prime minister massimo d'alema must decide what to do with a prominent kurdish rebel leader who was arrested at the rome airport on thursday .
exxon corp. and mobil corp. have held discussions about combining their business operations , a person involved in the talks said wednesday .
exxon corp. and mobil corp. have held discussions about combining their business operations , a person involved in the talks said wednesday .
whether or not the talks between exxon and mobil lead to a merger or some other business combination , america 's economic history is already being rewritten .
news that exxon and mobil , two giants in the energy patch , were in merger talks last week is the biggest sign yet that corporate marriages are back in vogue .
times are tough in the oil patch , still , it boggles the mind to accept the notion that hardship is driving profitable big oil to either merge , as british petroleum and amoco have already agreed to do , or at least to consider the prospect , as exxon and mobil are doing .
it was new highs again for the standard poor 's 500-stock and nasdaq composite indexes friday as anticipation of a new wave of mergers and a general rush by investors to join the equity rebound pushed stocks up .
the boards of exxon corp. and mobil corp. are expected to meet tuesday to consider a possible merger agreement that would form the world 's largest oil company , a source close to the negotiations said friday .
times are tough in the oil patch , still , it boggles the mind to accept the notion that hardship is driving profitable big oil to either merge , as british petroleum and amoco have already agreed to do , or at least to consider the prospect , as exxon and mobil are doing .
exxon and mobil , the nation 's two largest oil companies , confirmed friday that they were discussing a possible merger , and antitrust lawyers , industry analysts and government officials predicted that any deal would require the sale of important large pieces of such a new corporate behemoth .
they have been downsized , cut back and re-engineered , so when the 900 or so remaining blue-collar workers here at mobil 's largest domestic refinery , out of about 1,500 a decade ago , heard last week that their company was discussing a possible merger with exxon , it was like a siren warning them that an already suspect valve might be about to blow .
house speaker-elect robert l. livingston presented a fresh note of shock to the impeachment debate against president clinton on thursday night as the republican leader was forced to admit to his republican colleagues that he had carried on adulterous affairs in his past .
bob livingston , the incoming speaker of the house , took no public role friday as the debate unfolded on whether to impeach president clinton .
the raw passions were such that the house democrats did not to hesitate to bellow `` you resign , you resign ! ''
rep. bob livingston , who confessed to his colleagues thursday night that he had had adulterous affairs , stunned the house chamber saturday morning by saying in the impeachment debate on president clinton that he would not serve as speaker and would quit congress in six months .
the only thing certain now is uncertainty , the smart money shouts that president clinton will never resign , and he concurs .
the new york times said in an editorial for sunday , dec. 20 : the republicans ' drive for a partisan impeachment based soley on party-line voting power rather than any sense of proportion produced an unexpected sideshow in the resignation of rep. bob livingston from his role as future speaker of the house .
rejecting a last-minute democratic attempt to soften its action to censure , the house of representatives moved to impeach president william jefferson clinton for perjury on saturday and to call on the senate to try him , convict him and remove him from office .
in the end , the will of the people meant nothing , bob livingston could n't have been clearer about that .
it has gotten to the point where drastic action may be necessary , you know those movies about ebola virus outbreaks , where the guys in sterile suits come in , seal off the area and completely irradiate it ?
`` we are here to debate impeachment and should not be distracted from that , '' the minority whip , rep. david bonior , democrat of michigan , said during saturday 's house debate , in what leaped out as an impossible goal .
russian space experts were making final preparations thursday at the baikonur rocket base to launch the first component of a multibillion dollar international space station after a year of delay .
a russian proton booster rocket carried the first part of the international space station into orbit friday , heralding the start of a new era in international space colonization .
the first part of the international space station was smoothly orbiting earth on friday after a faultless launch that marked the start of a new age in space exploration and colonization .
russian space officials gave the first module of the international space station a routine tweak saturday to push it into higher orbit , and convened a meeting on earth to map out its future .
endeavour and its astronauts closed in sunday to capture the first piece of the international space station , the russian-made zarya control module that had to be connected to the unity chamber aboard the shuttle .
endeavour 's astronauts connected the first two building blocks of the international space station on sunday , creating a seven-story tower in the shuttle cargo bay .
endeavour 's astronauts connected the first two building blocks of the international space station on sunday , creating a seven-story tower in the shuttle cargo bay .
two astronauts ventured back out on another spacewalk wednesday to attach antennas to the international space station under construction nearly 250 miles above earth .
washington , nasa and the russian space agency have agreed to set aside a last-minute russian request to launch an international space station into an orbit closer to mir , officials announced friday .
the first piece of the international space station was orbiting earth friday , sprouting antennae and unfolding solar power panels as it awaited other segments , which will eventually grow into the largest orbital laboratory in history .
latin american leaders flew friday to portugal for a weekend summit to figure out how they can shield their economies from the global financial crisis .
leaders from 19 latin american nations , spain and portugal put finishing touches saturday on an ibero-american summit declaration warning of global recession unless action is taken to stabilize the international financial system .
caught in the middle of an economic crisis , many brazilian factories fear they wo n't be able to pay their workers the mandatory year-end bonus .
brazil and the international monetary fund moved closer tuesday to agreement on an expected dlrs 30 billion rescue package for the world 's ninth-largest economy .
there 's no such thing as a free lunch any longer in brazil , president fernando henrique cardoso is telling government workers , no haircuts or phone calls , either .
there 's no such thing as a free lunch any longer in brazil , president fernando henrique cardoso is telling government workers , no haircuts or phone calls , either .
president fernando henrique cardoso 's efforts to repair the largest economy in latin america may depend on the outcome of this weekend 's gubernatorial elections .
the commerce department on tuesday provided a concrete measure of the effects of the global economic downturn on the american economy , reporting that the nation 's trade deficit widened by $ 2.2 billion in august to $ 16.77 billion .
brazilian officials ended four days of meetings with representatives of the international monetary fund on tuesday without living up to their public pledge to announce concrete measures to reduce government deficits .
the united states is preparing to commit u.s. taxpayer funds as part of a lending program of at least $ 30 billion to try to insulate brazil , and with it the rest of latin america , from the worst effects of the financial turmoil circling the globe , according to u.s. and foreign officials assembling the program .
a south korean lawmaker said friday communist north korea could be producing plutonium and could have more secret underground nuclear facilities than already feared .
u.s. president bill clinton won south korea 's support saturday for confronting north korea over a suspected nuclear site , and he warned the north 's communist leaders not to squander a chance to achieve lasting peace on the peninsula .
u.s. president bill clinton won south korea 's support saturday for confronting north korea over a suspected nuclear site , and he warned the north 's communist leaders not to squander an historic chance to make a lasting peace on the peninsula .
north korean news media on thursday said the communist nation 's military is on full alert for war with the united states if a dispute over nuclear inspections comes to blows .
north korea has agreed to receive a u.s. delegation next month to discuss american concerns about the construction of a vast underground complex that is widely feared to house a nuclear weapons program , the state department said on wednesday .
a congressman who visited remote parts of north korea last week said saturday that the food and health situation there was desperate and deteriorating , and that millions of north koreans might have starved to death in the last few years .
north korea has demanded that the united states pay hundreds of millions of dollars for the right to inspect a huge underground center that u.s. intelligence analysts fear houses a nuclear-weapons program , clinton administration officials said wednesday .
this city has always kept an unwritten list of foreign leaders , dictators , unfriendly authoritarians and consistently annoying allies , who it thinks can make an enormous contribution to peace , security or america 's agenda by taking early retirement , at a minimum .
president clinton made an unusual , direct appeal to north korea on saturday to set aside any nuclear ambitions in favor of strengthening ties to south korea and the united states .
in a green aviator jacket and black cap , president clinton spent sunday visiting american troops stationed in south korea , he promoted a private , sang birthday greetings to a sergeant major and described the threats to his hopes for peaceful engagement with north korea .
in a cocoon of loyal and wealthy supporters , president clinton said friday that he must `` live with the consequences '' of his mistakes , although he contended that democrats should take pride in the achievements of his presidency and take heart from its possibilities .
in other election years , reps. david price and julia carson would have had little in common other than that they were democrats with relatively safe seats .
it was a surprising scene three months ago when dennis rivera , one of new york city 's most left-leaning labor leaders , was singing the praises of sen. alfonse m. d'amato .
it was not a voice mail message that dr. marilyn rymer , a neurologist in kansas city , mo. , would routinely delete , even as a registered democrat .
the last time george voinovich ran for office , he won re-election as ohio 's governor with 72 percent of the vote , stunning even his most optimistic supporters and setting a 20th-century record for victory margins in ohio politics .
the last time george voinovich ran for office , he won re-election as ohio 's governor with 72 percent of the vote , stunning even his most optimistic supporters and setting a 20th-century record for victory margins in ohio politics .
nearly 60 years behind the times , the house voted friday to condemn the nazi-soviet nonaggression pact of 1939 , the measure , a nonbinding resolution , was brought to the floor by rep. john shimkus , r-ill .
sen. alfonse d'amato , the new york republican who is running for re-election , went to manhattan 's grand central terminal the other morning to accept an award from mass-transit advocates .
white house officials and gay democrats , concerned that the nation 's largest gay and lesbian political organization is about to endorse sen. alfonse d'amato for re-election , are intensely lobbying the group to try to shift its support to the democratic challenger , rep. charles schumer .
white house officials and gay democrats , concerned that the nation 's largest gay and lesbian political organization is about to endorse sen. alfonse d'amato for re-election , are intensely lobbying the group to try to shift its support to the democratic challenger , rep. charles schumer .
yugoslavia must cooperate with the u.n. war crimes tribunal investigating alleged atrocities during the wars in croatia and bosnia , international legal experts meeting in belgrade said sunday .
the president of the yugoslav war crimes tribunal harshly criticized belgrade authorities anew for refusing to let u.n. investigators probe alleged atrocities in kosovo .
the yugoslav war crimes tribunal monday acquitted a muslim military commander of war crimes against bosnian serb prisoners in 1992 , but convicted three underlings in the first u.n. case dealing with anti-serb atrocities .
the yugoslav war crimes tribunal monday acquitted a muslim commander of war crimes against bosnian serb prisoners in 1992 , but convicted three underlings in the first u.n. case dealing with anti-serb atrocities .
in its first case to deal with atrocities against serbs during bosnia 's civil war , a u.n. war crimes tribunal on monday convicted three prison officials and guards , but acquitted a top military commander who oversaw the facility .
hundreds of people gathered at sarajevo airport on saturday to welcome zejnil delalic , who was cleared of war crimes charges earlier this week after spending 980 days in jail of the international war crimes tribunal in the hague .
he called himself the `` serb adolf , '' and his crimes were as chilling as his nickname , in a trial opening monday at the yugoslav war crimes tribunal , u.n. prosecutors were seeking to convince a three-judge panel that goran jelisic is guilty of genocide , the court 's most serious offense .
to his muslim targets , bosnian serb goran jelisic was `` the face of genocide '' who once bragged that `` he had to kill 20 or 30 muslims before his morning coffee . ''
some of the closest combat in the half year of the kosovo conflict , to the point of fighting room to room and floor to floor , occurred near this village six weeks ago , in the days before 21 women , children and elderly members of the delijaj clan were massacred by serbian forces , their mutilated bodies left strewn on the forest floor .
american and allied forces in bosnia on wednesday arrested a bosnian serb general who was charged with genocide by the international war crimes tribunal in a recent secret indictment .
less than a week before u.s. president bill clinton is to arrive for a visit meant to bolster a new israeli-palestinian peace accord , the two sides exchanged angry accusations sunday over jewish settlements and street clashes .
prime minister benjamin netanyahu on sunday accused yasser arafat of `` making a farce '' of the wye river accords and said he would not agree to further troop withdrawals until a halt to anti-israel violence .
the radical islamic group hamas on monday denounced u.s. president bill clinton 's upcoming visit to the gaza strip but carefully avoided making any threats against him .
armored personnel carriers were deployed tuesday around the convention center where u.s. president bill clinton will address 1,500 palestinian delegates next week .
keeping a promise to israel and the united states , palestinian leader yasser arafat on thursday convened senior officials and legislators to revoke clauses of the plo founding charter calling for israel 's destruction .
israel affirmed friday that it will not withdraw troops in the west bank unless the top palestinian decision-making body holds a vote to annul clauses of the plo charter calling for israel 's destruction .
on a street newly littered with the debris of battle , stones , spent tear gas canisters , charred remnants of half-burned tires , a sodden palestinian flag flaps in a fitful rain-laden wind outside a house in mourning .
in an atmosphere of political tension , u.s. president clinton met sunday with israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu in a bid to put the troubled wye river peace accord back on track .
benjamin netanyahu 's refusal to move the peace process forward , which has frustrated president bill clinton and angered the palestinians , may not be enough to save his government from collapse next week .
president clinton will travel to gaza next month to address palestinian leaders , the white house said friday , he is to speak at what the palestinians are describing as a historic meeting to formally revoke anti-israel clauses in the 1964 palestinian charter .
italy 's communists on sunday voted to withdraw support for premier romano prodi 's 2 1-2-year-old coalition , a move expected to trigger the collapse of one of the country 's longest-lived postwar governments .
premier romano prodi said monday he would appeal directly to parliament to save italy 's second-longest government since world war ii , threatened with collapse by the defection of its communist ally .
premier romano prodi battled tuesday for any votes freed up from a split in a far-left party , but said he will resign if he loses a confidence vote expected later this week .
by one vote , premier romano prodi 's center-left coalition lost a confidence vote in the chamber of deputies friday , and he went to the presidential palace to resign .
by one vote , premier romano prodi 's center-left coalition lost a confidence vote in the chamber of deputies friday , and he went to the presidential palace to resign .
by one vote , a defector from its own ranks , premier romano prodi 's center-left coalition , italy 's second-longest serving government since world war ii , lost a confidence vote friday in the chamber of deputies .
three days after the collapse of premier romano prodi 's center-left government , italy 's president began calling in political leaders monday to try to reach a consensus on a new government .
it is autumn in italy , the birds are going south , and so it seems could the italian government , as the bonds of compromise and political opportunism that bind a small leftist party to the government came undone sunday .
italian politics have long been enlivened by baroque feuds and shifting alliances , and that time-honored tradition may have won the embattled government of prime minister romano prodi a momentary reprieve .
by only one vote , the center-left prime minister of italy , romano prodi , lost a confidence vote in parliament friday and was toppled from power .
a truck blew up when it drove over a land mine in breakaway chechnya on friday , killing two people and injuring two others , a news agency said .
chechen authorities found the decapitated heads of four kidnapped foreigners tuesday along a highway near a remote village after a two-month search in the breakaway region in southern russia .
the european union wednesday condemned the slaying of four foreign hostages in chechnya and said it would raise the issue with russia 's foreign minister .
chechen police were searching wednesday for the bodies of four kidnapped foreigners who were beheaded during a botched attempt to free them .
chechen police were searching wednesday for the bodies of four kidnapped foreigners who were beheaded during a botched attempt to free them .
one of four foreigners beheaded by kidnappers in chechnya claimed in a videotape shown today that he and his fellow hostages were british spies .
assailants have abducted chechnya 's top prosecutor , who was investigating the killings of four kidnapped foreigners , officials said friday .
a french united nations official kidnapped in southern russia more than 10 months ago has been freed and was flown to moscow saturday , news reports reported .
a french united nations official kidnapped in southern russia more than 10 months ago has been freed and was flown to moscow saturday , news reports reported .
a french united nations official who was kidnapped in southern russia more than 10 months ago was set free saturday and flown to u.n. headquarters in geneva .
a liberal lawmaker who planned to run for president in russia 's next elections was killed friday in st. petersburg , a news report said .
a liberal lawmaker who planned to run for president in russia 's next elections was killed friday in st. petersburg , a news report said .
a liberal lawmaker who planned to run for president in russia 's next elections was shot to death friday in st. petersburg , police said .
a liberal lawmaker who planned to run for president in russia 's next elections was shot to death friday in st. petersburg , police said .
hundreds of people gathered saturday to mourn the shooting death of one of russia 's most prominent women , a potential presidential candidate whose killing was widely considered to be politically motivated .
in modern russia , the crime was so common as to be mundane , two thugs , armed with machine pistols and silencers , stalked and killed a powerful figure , then slipped away into the night .
a badly wounded aide to a murdered lawmaker regained consciousness monday and was talking to police , who later arrested several suspects in raids around the city , officials said .
a slain russian lawmaker was honored tuesday as a martyr to democratic ideals in a stately funeral service in which anger mingled freely with tears .
mourners bearing flowers and candles gathered sunday outside the house on griboyedova canal where a russian legislator , galina staravoitova , was shot to death on friday night .
the new york times said in an editorial on monday , nov. 23 : the russian reform movement has produced few leaders with an uncompromising dedication to democracy .
torturers and bombers who carried out atrocities defending or fighting apartheid need counseling to ensure they do not repeat their crimes , an expert for south africa 's reconciliation body said thursday .
a panel probing apartheid-era abuses has accused the african national congress of human rights violations , including torture and bomb attacks , the state broadcaster said monday .
the institution exploring apartheid 's horrors will issue a report that finds the african national congress shares blame for human rights violations as it struggled to overcome white rule .
a panel investigating apartheid-era atrocities said wednesday it will not implicate the last apartheid president , f.w , de klerk , in human rights abuses after he threatened a court challenge .
president nelson mandela acknowledged saturday the african national congress violated human rights during apartheid , setting him at odds with his deputy president over a report that has divided much of south africa .
criminal prosecutions for atrocities committed during the war against white rule could drag on for at least six years , a top prosecutor said monday .
facing a court challenge , the truth and reconciliation commission said wednesday that it would withhold , at least temporarily , the parts of its final report that implicate south africa 's last apartheid-era president , f.w .
following are excerpts from the final report issued by south africa 's truth and reconciliation commission on thursday : primary finding on the basis of the evidence available to it , the primary finding of the commission is that : the predominant portion of gross violations of human rights was committed by the former state through its security and law-enforcement agencies .
the new york times said in an editorial on sunday , nov. 1 : the 3,500-page report of the south african truth and reconciliation commission , released on thursday , is the most comprehensive and unsparing examination of a nation 's ugly past that any such commission has yet produced .
the deal that south africa 's truth and reconciliation commission offered was simple enough : confess your crimes , apply for amnesty and you will go free .
at first , the passing bicyclist thought the crumpled form lashed to a ranch fence was a scarecrow , but when he stopped , he found the burned , battered and nearly lifeless body of matthew shepard , an openly gay college student who had been tied to the fence 18 hours earlier .
at first , the passing bicyclist thought the crumpled form lashed to a ranch fence was a scarecrow , but when he stopped , he found the burned , battered and nearly lifeless body of matthew shepard , an openly gay college student who had been tied to the fence 18 hours earlier .
as a gay college student lay hospitalized in critical condition after a severe beating here , this small city , which bills itself as `` wyoming 's hometown , '' wrestled with its attitudes towards gay men .
matthew shepard , the gay college student who was kidnapped and severely beaten , died here monday , five days after he was found unconscious on a wyoming ranch where he had been left tied to a fence for 18 hours in near-freezing temperatures .
matthew shepard , the gay college student who was kidnapped and severely beaten , died here monday , five days after he was found unconscious on a wyoming ranch where he had been left tied to a fence for 18 hours in near-freezing temperatures .
on the same day americans learned last week that matthew shepard , a 5-foot-2 , 105-pound gay college student , had been tortured , strung up like an animal and left to die on a fence outside laramie , wyo. , the family research council was co-hosting a press conference in washington .
last saturday morning , while matthew shepard lay comatose from a beating , a college homecoming parade passed a few blocks from his hospital bed in fort collins .
matthew wayne shepard , the gay student who was beaten in the dead of night , tied to a fence and left to die alone , was mourned at his funeral friday by 1,000 people , including many who had never met him .
matthew wayne shepard , the gay student who was beaten in the dead of night , tied to a fence and left to die alone , was mourned at his funeral friday by 1,000 people , including many who had never met him .
matthew wayne shepard , the gay student who was beaten in the dead of night , tied to a fence and left to die alone , was mourned at his funeral friday by 1,000 people , including many who had never met him .
prime minister mesut yilmaz on wednesday faced intense pressure to step down after allegations that he interfered in a privatization contract and helped a businessman linked to a mobster secure loans .
opposition parties lodged no-confidence motions wednesday against prime minister mesut yilmaz after allegations he interfered in the privatization of a bank and helped a businessman linked to a mobster .
parliament convened thursday to vote on whether to move toward a no-confidence motion that could bring down the government over an organized crime scandal .
bulent ecevit , who was asked to form a new government wednesday , is a former prime minister best remembered for ordering an invasion of cyprus in 1974 that made him an overnight hero at home .
premier-designate bulent ecevit said thursday he would persist in the difficult task of convincing a key party leader to join forces in a secular coalition .
the chances for a new , strictly secular government in turkey faded wednesday when a potential coalition partner insisted on giving the islamic party a share of power .
after failing to bring together political rivals in a coalition , premier-designate bulent ecevit announced saturday that he was returning his mandate to the turkish president .
president suleyman demirel appeared likely to turn to some widely trusted lawmaker to form turkey 's next government , after a veteran politician abandoned efforts monday to persuade bickering political leaders to support him in a pro-secular coalition .
turkey 's latest premier-designate got the backing of two key secular parties monday in his efforts to form a broad-based , coalition government , on condition that his government stick to turkey 's secular principles .
a week after the turkish government fell in a corruption scandal , president suleyman demirel on wednesday asked a veteran left-wing politician known for his personal honesty , bulent ecevit , to form a new government .
while veterans and civic leaders devote wednesday 's national holiday to honoring fallen soldiers , remembrance day has become a chilling vigil for canadians in the front lines of the abortion-rights movement .
the slaying of dr. barnett slepian in his home last week eliminated the mainstay of the only abortion clinic here , but it has not eliminated women 's access to abortion .
james kopp , the man the fbi is seeking as a material witness in the sniper slaying of dr. barnett slepian , is known to abortion rights leaders as an aggressive anti-abortion protester , and law enforcement officials say he has been arrested several times in demonstrations at abortion clinics .
federal authorities investigating the murder of a buffalo-area obstetrician who performed abortions have identified a vermont man as a material witness to the sniper attack last month and issued a warrant for his arrest wednesday to bring him in for questioning .
in july 1988 , when randall terry drove through the night from his home in binghamton , n.y. , to atlanta to start the series of anti-abortion protests that would finally put his new hard-line group , operation rescue , onto america 's front pages , james charles kopp was in the van riding alongside him , according to former leaders of operation rescue who spoke on the condition of anonymity .
rosina lotempio was standing outside abortion clinics here before operation rescue stormed into town in 1992 for the rowdy spring of life rallies , in which hundreds were arrested .
on the eve of a holiday that has been linked to antiabortion violence , the authorities on tuesday were investigating whether a picture of an aborted fetus sent to a canadian newspaper was connected to last month 's fatal shooting of a buffalo , n.y. doctor who provided abortions or four similar attacks in western new york and canada since 1994 .
by outward appearances , dorothy hayes ' life seems ordinary , she and her family live in a rambling old home on the shore of lake ontario , and every morning , she gives her husband , john , a peck on the cheek before he goes to work .
in the aftermath of last month 's deadly sniper attack on an obstetrician in upstate new york , attorney general janet reno announced last week that she was setting up a new investigative unit to examine the possibility that the doctor was the victim of a broader anti-abortion plot .
everyone who knew dr. barnett slepian knew that the slight , graying physician endured a measure of stress that would exhaust , even break , most people .
a fire turned a swedish dance hall jammed with teen-age halloween revelers into a deathtrap , killing at least 60 people and injuring about 180 .
a fire turned a dance hall jammed with teen-age halloween revelers into a deathtrap , killing at least 60 people and injuring about 180 in sweden 's second-largest city .
a fire turned a swedish dance hall jammed with teen-age halloween revelers into a deathtrap , killing at least 60 people and injuring about 180 .
a fire turned a dance hall jammed with teen-age halloween revelers into a deathtrap , killing 65 people and injuring 157 others in sweden 's second-largest city .
a fire turned a dance hall jammed with teen-age halloween revelers into a deathtrap , killing 60 people and injuring 162 others in sweden 's second-largest city .
a fire turned a dance hall jammed with teen-age halloween revelers into a deathtrap , killing 60 people and injuring 162 others in sweden 's second-largest city .
a fire turned a swedish dance hall jammed with teen-age halloween revelers into a deathtrap , killing 60 people and injuring 155 , the fast-spreading fire that broke out just a few minutes before midnight thursday gutted the building and left rescuers facing a hideous scene that local rescue service leader lennart olin likened to a `` gas chamber . ''
hundreds of teen-agers jammed into an upstairs hall planning to dance the night away , but by the time the sun rose friday they were dead , clinging to life in hospitals or weeping in disbelief at a fire that killed 67 of them .
a panicky telephone call in poor swedish was the first word that authorities got of a fire racing through a dance hall crowded with immigrant teen-agers , delaying fire squads ' response to the blaze that killed 60 and injured 162 , officials said saturday .
forensic experts examining heavily burned bodies were able saturday to identify more of the 60 young people who died in a dance hall fire , but the catastrophe 's most tormenting question was still unanswered .
a strong sign that this city is going bonkers for the padres came friday morning when 680 fans agreed to shave their heads for a radio promotion raffle in return for a 1-in-680 chance at skybox tickets for post-season play .
the moment of truth for chuck knoblauch came in the bottom of the first inning when his name was announced at yankee stadium for the first time since he neglected to chase down that memorable loose ball last wednesday .
hours after darryl strawberry was released from columbia presbyterian medical center friday , he spoke happily about being able to play with his two young children , joked about eating a small amount of chicken and potatoes and sounded relieved to be at home in fort lee , n.j. , instead of in a hospital .
the new york times said in an editorial on saturday , oct. 17 : it is fitting that this most memorable of baseball seasons should conclude with a world series that opens saturday night in yankee stadium , the aging but still grand cathedral of the sport .
yankees pitching the starting pitching enabled the yankees to advance past cleveland in the american league championship series , david wells is 7-1 in his career in the postseason and he should have an additional edge against a padres ' lineup that is generally less effective against left-handed pitching .
the last time they were seen on the field at yankee stadium , they were inadvertently influencing the outcome of the game that sent the cleveland indians home and the yankees to the world series .
as bernie williams starts what could be his final series with the yankees in game 1 of the world series at yankee stadium saturday night , he wants to do it with a free mind .
talk about high expectations , it 's not just the man from tampa who has them anymore .
a new shipment of bats arrived for tino martinez on friday , and he massaged the handles to make sure they were thin enough , knocked on the barrels and listened for a certain sound and swung them slowly again and again .
chuck knoblauch and tino martinez were as popular as squeegee men a week ago , the speculation rampant that one or the other or both might be exiled if the yankees ' historic year crumbled in the post-season .
house and senate negotiators agreed thursday to require most federal health plans to cover prescription contraceptives for women , giving an unusual victory on capitol hill to advocates of abortion rights .
voting mainly on party lines on a question that has become a touchstone in the debate over development and preservation of wilderness , the senate on thursday approved a gravel road through remote wildlife habitat in alaska .
top-level budget negotiators for congressional republicans and the white house concluded yet another bargaining session late sunday afternoon with plans to resume talks on monday morning and probably extend their midnight monday deadline for another day or two .
a sticking point for white house and congressional budget negotiators has been the issue of how the 2000 census will be conducted , and the white house is finding itself negotiating on the issue as much with house democrats as it is with the house republican leaders .
struggling to meet their fourth deadline over the federal budget , congressional republicans and white house officials wrestled tuesday with their differences over education , staging events to demonstrate support for what has become the most public and politically high-stakes element of the budget battle .
struggling to meet their fourth deadline over the federal budget , congressional republicans and white house officials wrestled tuesday with their differences over education , the most politically high-stakes element of the budget battle .
struggling to meet their fourth deadline over the federal budget , congressional republicans and white house officials wrestled tuesday with their differences over education , the most politically high-stakes element of the budget battle .
some conservatives sounded notes of discord friday over the federal spending agreement , but they also said they would probably vote for the $ 500 billion package because it boosted defense spending and provided aid to farmers .
for the first time in decades , congress and the white house negotiated tax and spending legislation this year with the budget in surplus .
some conservatives sounded notes of discord friday over the federal spending agreement , but they also said they would probably vote for the $ 500 billion package because it boosted defense spending and provided aid to farmers .
president boris yeltsin has suffered minor burns on his right hand , his press office said thursday , asked about small bandages that were visible on yeltsin 's hand during an awards ceremony , the press office said the president had sustained small burns .
president boris yeltsin 's doctors have pronounced his health `` more or less normal , '' his wife naina said in an interview published wednesday .
president boris yeltsin , on his first trip out of russia since this spring , canceled a welcoming ceremony in uzbekistan on sunday because he was n't feeling well , his spokesman said .
doctors ordered russian president boris yeltsin to cut short his central asian trip because of a respiratory infection and he agreed to return home monday , a day earlier than planned , officials said .
russian president boris yeltsin cut short a trip to central asia on monday due to a respiratory infection that revived questions about his overall health and ability to lead russia through a sustained economic crisis .
president boris yeltsin stayed home tuesday , nursing a respiratory infection that forced him to cut short a foreign trip and revived concerns about his ability to govern .
weakened by a cold yet animated , president boris yeltsin defied doctors ' orders and quashed rumors he is seriously ill by showing up unexpectedly at the kremlin on wednesday .
russia 's constitutional court opened hearings thursday on whether boris yeltsin can seek a third term , the issue was controversial earlier this year when yeltsin refused to spell out his intentions and his aides insisted he had the legal right to seek re-election .
russia 's constitutional court opened hearings thursday on whether boris yeltsin can seek a third term , the issue was controversial earlier this year when yeltsin refused to spell out his intentions and his aides insisted he had the legal right to seek re-election .
russian president boris yeltsin , who is still recuperating from his latest illness , has canceled a trip to an asian summit next month , his office said friday .
in the summer of 1995 , a whiff of revolution was in the air in silicon valley , the internet offered a new deal in computing , a fresh opportunity for entrepreneurs to try to break microsoft corp. 's firm grip on the personal computer software business .
a federal judge friday pushed back the starting date of the antitrust trial against microsoft corp. by four days , to oct. 19 , while also ordering the company to comply with the justice department 's request to examine microsoft 's financial records .
microsoft corp. has said that material in an unpublished book by two business school professors will be a crucial part of its defense in the antitrust trial scheduled to begin next week .
the case of united states vs. microsoft corp. , the government 's most aggressive move against a monopolist in almost 25 years , is playing out against a century of antitrust laws so broadly worded and court rulings so ambiguous that both sides are citing the same rulings to support their opposing arguments .
the case of united states vs. microsoft corp. , the government 's most aggressive move against a monopolist in almost 25 years , is playing out against a century of antitrust laws so broadly worded and court rulings so ambiguous that both sides are citing the same rulings to support their opposing arguments .
the legal tool that the government is using in its assault on microsoft corp. , the sherman antitrust act of 1890 , is brief , vague and malleable .
the government 's antitrust scrutiny of microsoft , the world 's largest independent software company , has spanned republican and democratic administrations and involved hundreds of government lawyers and investigators .
shortly before the government filed its antitrust suit against microsoft corp. in may , joel klein , the assistant attorney general in charge of the justice department 's antitrust division , met with a silicon valley executive .
following is the text of the first two sections of the sherman act , as passed by congress in 1890 , as the foundation on which federal antitrust law has been built , the act has been amended several times , elevating the crime to a felony , increasing the fines and prison terms for individuals and setting fines for corporations convicted of violating it .
will it matter to consumers that bill gates is n't a nice guy , until last week , most americans thought of gates , the chairman of the microsoft corp. , as a genius and innovator .
police and soldiers on friday blocked off the street in front of a house where members of a terrorist gang are believed to have assembled the bomb that blew up the u.s. embassy , killing 11 people .
german police raided several locations near bonn after receiving word of a terrorist threat against the u.s. embassy , but no evidence of a planned attack was found , officials said wednesday .
an islamic militant group on thursday threatened to retaliate if saudi dissident osama bin laden is arrested , and described washington 's no .
the taliban 's chief justice accused the united states on wednesday of looking for an `` excuse '' to launch another missile attack on his war-shattered homeland .
fbi agents this week began questioning relatives of the victims of the aug. 7 u.s. embassy bombing as well as the seriously injured on request of the u.s. attorney 's office for the southern district of new york , a u.s. official said thursday .
the man accused of orchestrating the u.s. embassy bombings in tanzania and kenya was declared a free man friday in afghanistan , where he has lived for years with the permission of the hard-line islamic taliban militia .
the new york times said in an editorial on monday , oct. 26 : since the deadly bombing of two american embassies in africa in august , there has been a troubling accumulation of evidence that the state department inexplicably ignored warnings of possible terrorist attacks against the installations .
federal prison officials have cut off virtually all communications for two men being held in manhattan in the bombings of the u.s. embassies in kenya and tanzania .
a federal grand jury in manhattan returned a 238-count indictment wednesday charging the saudi exile osama bin laden with conspiring to bomb two u.s. embassies in africa in august and with committing acts of terrorism against americans abroad .
a federal district judge agreed tuesday to review complaints by lawyers for three men arrested after the bombings of two u.s. embassies in africa that their jail conditions in manhattan are unconstitutional and inhumane .
the commander of lebanon 's army will become the country 's next president after winning the crucial backing of syria , the powerbroker in lebanon .
a cabinet minister and a close syria ally on wednesday criticized the syrian-backed choice of the army commander as president , and said he will boycott a vote to elect the military man for the executive post .
lebanon 's parliament on tuesday ratified a constitutional amendment to clear the way for the election of the army 's commander , gen. emile lahoud , as president .
parliament on thursday formally elected gen. emile lahoud , the popular army commander who has the backing of powerful neighbor syria , as lebanon 's next president .
parliament on thursday formally elected gen. emile lahoud , the popular army commander who has the backing of powerful neighbor syria , as lebanon 's next president .
prime minister rafik hariri 's efforts to win a fourth term in office have hit a snag after he failed to receive the expected speedy appointment from new president emile lahoud .
prime minister rafik hariri has declined an informal invitation from lebanon 's new president to form the next government , sparking a political crisis in this country as it rebuilds from its devastating civil war .
prime minister rafik hariri has declined an informal invitation from lebanon 's new president to form the next government , sparking a political crisis in this country as it rebuilds from its devastating civil war .
prime minister rafik hariri , the business tycoon who launched lebanon 's multibillion dollar reconstruction from the devastation of civil war , said monday he was bowing out as premier following a dispute with the new president .
prime minister rafik hariri , the business tycoon who launched lebanon 's multibillion dollar reconstruction from the devastation of civil war , said monday he was bowing out as premier following a dispute with the new president .
hours before china was expected to sign a key u.n. human rights treaty and host british prime minister tony blair , police hauled a prominent human rights campaigner in for questioning monday .
china released a respected , but ailing labor rights campaigner from a prison work camp sunday and immediately sent him into exile in the united states .
trying to deflect foreign criticism of a crackdown on democracy campaigners , china sent a respected labor rights activist from jail into u.s. exile sunday even as it prepared to put a prominent dissident on trial .
in stern judgments capping a decisive crackdown on dissidents , chinese courts sentenced two prominent democracy campaigners to 13 and 11 years in prison monday for trying to organize an opposition political party .
german foreign minister joschka fischer , who drew china 's anger recently by meeting with exiled dissident wei jingsheng , said china 's sentencing of two dissidents monday was unacceptable and flouted an international treaty the country recently signed .
german foreign minister joschka fischer , who drew china 's anger recently by meeting with exiled dissident wei jingsheng , said china 's sentencing of two dissidents monday was unacceptable and flouted an international treaty the country recently signed .
the trials of three outspoken dissidents over , communist party leader jiang zemin signaled wednesday that china will sustain a crackdown on dissent throughout next year .
his friend and political mentor is jailed , robbing their budding opposition political party of its most potent organizer , but zha jianguo is not afraid .
by sentencing two of the country 's most prominent democracy campaigners to long prison terms , china on monday took its harshest steps yet in its current crackdown on organized political opposition .
six months after president clinton traveled to beijing and challenged china 's leaders to move rapidly toward political reform , the administration 's policy of engaging beijing was called into question monday when chinese courts sentenced three of the nation 's most prominent dissidents to long jail sentences .
