Cambodian government rejects opposition's call for talks abroad
Sihanouk refuses to chair Cambodian political summit at home or abroad
Opposition asks end to loans to "illegal" Cambodian government
Cambodian party defends leader Hun Sen against criticism of U.S. House
Cambodian party rejects government offer to share legislative office
Cambodian King announces coalition government with Hun Sen as sole Premier
Hun Sen, Prince Ranariddh share power in new coalition Cambodian government
Cambodian Prime Minister promises safety and freedom to all politicians
Cambodian opposition leader doubts safety guaranty of prime minister
King praises Cambodian coalition government of top two political parties
Honduras, Belize, Mexico brace for category 5 Hurricane Mitch
32 killed as Hurricane Mitch batters Honduras with 120mph winds
Hurricane Mitch weakens after widespread destruction in Honduras
Former-Hurricane Mitch leaves 231 dead in Honduras, 357 in region
Mitch's winds down to 30mph with death toll at 393
Nicaraguan Vice President reports thousands buried in country
European Union approves $8.18 million in aid to Hurricane Mitch victims
Pope calls for aid to Central America where Hurricane Mitch killed 9,000
Aid rushed to devastated victims of Hurricane Mitch
Foreign aid pours into Central America as Mitch death toll exceeds 10,000
At Ibero-American summit Castro protests arrest of Pinochet in London
Britain defends, Chile condemns, arrest of Pinochet in London
Ex-Prime Minister Thatcher hosted Pinochet at home before his arrest
British and Spanish governments leave extradition of Pinochet to courts
Chilean legislators protest in Madrid against extradition of Pinochet
European Commission President endorses extradition and trial of Pinochet
Pinochet's wife appeals for his release. Chile claims diplomatic immunity
British/Spanish prime ministers leave Pinochet extradition to courts
Switzerland joins charges against Pinochet but avoids bank probe
Pinochet arrest contested in British High Court. New charges pressed
U.S. prosecutors ask for more time to prepare case against Sudanese
Taliban Justice sees no evidence of bin Laden's involvement in terrorism
FBI questions relatives of embassy bombing victims to support indictments
Bangladeshi police arrest journalists for promoting Islamic revolution
Taliban inquiry finds bin Laden not guilty of terrorism vs. U.S.
Albania claims bin Laden network working in Kosovo and Serbia
Sudanese owner of bombed plant denies any tie to Osama bin Laden
One goal of Afghanistan raid was to kill Osama bin Laden
Letter from bin Laden operative sheds light on operation of network
Former top bin Laden aide source of U.S. evidence on terrorists
$800 million at stake in arbitrator's decision on pay during lockout
$800 million at stake in arbitrator's decision on pay during lockout
Larry Bird, original exception to salary cap, inducted into Hall of Fame
NBA cancels preseason games. Date of season opener in doubt
NBA owners call for salary cap. Players complain of lockout
NBA talks produce no sign of settlement. Full season now questionable
Continuing labor dispute cancels first two weeks of NBA season
Most substantive talks yet fail to break NBA deadlock
NBA owners and players await arbitrator's decision on pay during lockout
Whole NBA season may be cancelled. Talks focus on interests of best paid
Uganda faces rebel forces on west (Congo) and north (Sudan)
Congo rebels use internet to rally international support
Congo rebels use internet to rally international support
Congo rebels advance in east after retreat from capital Kinshasa
Battle for Kindu critical for anti-Kabila Congo rebels
Outnumbered Congo rebels challenge government control of Kindu
Jet shot down by Congo rebels possibly military, possibly civil
Capture of Kindu eludes rebels as Chad, Sudan support Congo government
Congo rebels control third of Kindu, but outcome not clear
Tribal warfare, foreign intrigue at basis of Congo dispute
Human rights abuse in Malaysia endangers Asia-Pacific summit
Malaysian party seeks replacement for arrested deputy prime minister
Indonesian and Philippine presidents may skip summit in protest
Malaysian government summons Philippine ambassador in rights dispute
Asian-Pacific summit faces major economic and political challenges
Under Chinese pressure, Taiwan President will send subordinate to summit
Asia-Pacific economic summit in Kuala Lumpur faces severe problems
Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum features spicy cuisine
U.S.-ASEAN Business Council touts Thai efforts on way to forum
Malaysian capital controls an issue at economic summit
Israel postpones vote on Wye pact until Palestinians act against terrorists
Hamas car bomb in Jerusalem market stalls talks on Wye agreement
Car bomb leaves carnage in Jerusalem market; 2 killed, 21 injured
Israel suspends ratification of Wye agreement after Hamas bomb attack
Islamic Jihad, not Hamas, perpetrator of market suicide bombing
Netanyahu vows more Jewish settlement in Arab sector of Jerusalem
Netanyahu vows more Jewish settlement in Arab sector of Jerusalem
Palestinian Authority and Israel clash on outlawing military wings
Market suicide bombing work of group protesting West Bank settlement
Palestinian suicide bomber learned Islamic Jihad doctrine in Israeli prison
Malaysian Prime Minister expresses surprise at behavior of his police
Malaysian Prime Minister seeks new deputy after firing/arresting last
European Union deplores Malaysia's treatment of Ex-Deputy-Prime Minister
Fired, jailed, and beaten, Malaysia's Anwar Ibrahim thrives on internet
Human rights abuse in Malaysia endangers Asia-Pacific summit
Key witness in Malaysian case against dissident appeals conviction
Malaysian party seeks replacement for arrested deputy prime minister
Lawyers call for release of former Malaysian deputy prime minister
Malaysia's trade minister discounts unrest over arrest of dissident
Malaysian Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad: from fame to failure
U.S. envoy Holbrooke assesses Kosovo situation as still extremely grave
U.S. and Russia pressure Milosevic as NATO threatens airstrike
U.S. and Russia pressure Milosevic as Nato threatens airstrike
U.S. and Russia warn Milosevic of NATO airstrikes
Yugoslav Prime Minister sees "imminent danger of war"
Yugoslavia claims steps to meet U.N. demands on Kosovo
Decision on NATO action on Kosovo imminent
U.S. envoy Holbrooke gives last minute warning to Milosevic on Kosovo
Yugoslav military ordered back to barracks as NATO again threatens
U.S. envoy tells Milosevic to get out of Kosovo or face NATO attack
World Food Program reports famine may have killed 2 million North Koreans
North Korea claimed cattle donated by South Korea intentionally poisoned
Another refugee from famine in North Korea arrives in South
Red Cross reports severe famine and starvation in North Korea
U.N. experts report stunted growth of malnourished North Korean children
Starving North Korea sends largest team ever to Asian games in Thailand
World Food Program reports hunger in Cambodia rivals North Korea
China sends illegal North Korean settlers back to famine at home
Congressman reports appalling evidence of starvation in North Korea
Entire generation of children in North Korea impaired by malnutrition
Organizing Committee assures that Asian Games complex will be ready
Asian Games facilities declared "99 percent completed"
Thai Police clear streets of beggars in preparation for Asian Games
Chinese soccer team may recall players from overseas for Asian Games
Thais question reason for Saudi withdrawal from Asian Games
Horses of Iran's equestrian team flunk Asian Games test
Saudis considering small Asian Games Team in response to Kuwaiti Plea
India and Pakistan behind 8-ball after clash at Asian snooker game
Bangkok nightlife presents new hurdle for athletes at Asian Games
Competition of 6,000 athletes from 41 nations upstages Asia's problems
On eve of signing human rights treaty, China detains rights advocate
China detains and questions Corruption Watch activist
Efforts to form Chinese opposition party bring arrest
China calls efforts for new party "inciting overthrow of the government"
Potential lawyers for Chinese dissidents jailed or intimidated
China's arrest of dissident brings protests from U.S. and rights groups
Leader of China Democracy Party accused of colluding with foreign enemies
Leader of China Democracy Party arrives in New York to protest at U.N.
China Democracy Party leaders lack lawyers
Chinese democracy advocates, denied lawyers, mount own defenses
Carville ignores Democrats' advice. Persists in "war" against Gingrich
1998 Election results set stage for 2000 presidential campaign
Election results feed Republican rebellion against Gingrich
Republican qualms over their leadership overshadow impeachment inquiry
Republican qualms over their leadership overshadow impeachment inquiry
Republican qualms over their leadership overshadow impeachment inquiry
Livingston gains support in challenge to Gingrich for House speaker
Election results, budget mess basis for Livingston-Gingrich conflict
Miracle worker Gingrich outmaneuvered by political tactician Clinton
Gingrich gives up speaker slot. Blames blackmail by Republican cannibals
Microsoft trial E-mail reveals proposal for AOL-Netscape partnership
Proposed AOL purchase of Netscape would strengthen Microsoft's rivals
Netscape stock has soared since report of AOL purchase plan
AOL-Netscape-Sun plan would give technological independence from Microsoft
News of possible AOL acquisition of Netscape boosts technology stocks
Microsoft argues AOL-Netscape deal would undermine government's case
Vision behind AOL-Netscape-Sun combo is vast virtual mall
AOL reach for Netscape no reason to moderate suit against Microsoft
AOL's Netscape move marks opening of large-scale electronic marketing
AOL's Netscape move marks opening of large-scale electronic marketing
Wall Street joins in global stock selloff. Dow loses 200 points
Russian prime minister threatens unpopular measures if IMF funds don't come
Ukraine's president calls for "corrections" to continuing market reforms
Ukraine parliament decisively rejects decree of President Kuchma
Russian prime minister reaffirms privatization of state property
Russian prime minister mum on economic strategy, hoping for IMF bailout
IMF takes heat over widespread economic crises
Russian financial crisis now in the mail as Post Office goes broke
Secretary Albright expresses concern over Russian economic confusion
Communists to demonstrate vs. president of government they control
Turkey sends troops to Syrian border protesting aid to Kurdish rebels
Israel to stand clear of Turkey-Syria dispute
Egypt's Mubarak attempts mediation of Turkey-Syria dispute
Egypt's Mubarak attempts mediation of Turkey-Syria dispute
Turkey renews threats against Syria as Egypt's Mubarak intercedes
Iran offers to join Egypt in mediation of Turkey-Syria dispute
Jordan joins Egypt and Iran offering help to resolve Turkey-Syria dispute
Lebanon backs Syria against Turkey. Denies harboring of Kurdish rebels
Greece blames Turkey for crisis. Warns of possible "tragic results"
Saudis, Yemen and Sudan support Syria. Call for diplomatic solution
U.S. maxi yacht Sayonara favored in Sydney-to-Hobart race
Maxis Brindabella, Sayonara and Marchioness lead Sydney-to-Hobart race
Crewman lost in Bass Strait as 80-knot winds smash into race contestants
Three yachts missing, two crewmen dead as high winds huge seas hit race
Three yachts missing, two crewmen dead as high winds huge seas hit race
37 of 115 yachts forced out of Sydney-to-Hobart race
37 of 115 yachts forced out of Sydney-to-Hobart race
One of three missing yachts located as Sydney-to-Hobart race continues
Two dead, 15 missing in Sydney-to-Hobart race.  Maxi Sayonara leads
Three dead, three missing, many injured in Sydney-to-Hobart race
Endeavour astronauts ready for second try at launch for space station
Endeavour astronauts set to join first two components of space station
Endeavour astronauts connect Russian and U.S. components of space station
Endeavour astronauts connect Russian and U.S. components of space station
Endeavour astronauts connect Russian and U.S. components of space station
Endeavour astronauts connect Russian and U.S. components of space station
Russian economic collapse affects plans for international space station
Endeavour's space station mission delayed for a day
Endeavour astronauts launched on space station construction mission
Endeavour astronauts join two segments of international space station
Bank president says growth slowing in countries about to adopt euro
Ten of eleven countries adopting euro drop interest rates
Lower interest rates intended to boost confidence in euro
China authorizes trading in euro effective January 1, 1999
Poll show majority of Danes having second thoughts on rejection of euro
Inflation rate drops in nations about to adopt euro
Bank head Duisenberg denies gentleman's agreement to step down
December 31, 1998, euro's birthday, is "beginning of a new era"
French move towards Pan-European equity market called premature by some
Even before euro many see selves as citizens of Europe
Portugal suspends East Timor talks over disputed report of massacre
Nobel laureate, East Timor advocate, barred by Taiwan officials
Christians fire mosques and riot in West Timor city of Kupang
Australians protest training of Indonesian troops bound for East Timor
Australians protest training of Indonesian troops bound for East Timor
East Timorese exiles report Indonesian troops' attack on civilians
East Timorese exiles report Indonesian troops' attack on civilians
East Timorese exiles report Indonesian troops' attack on civilians
Fifteen European Union leaders support Portugal on East Timor referendum
U.N. envoy senses newfound taste for compromise in East Timor dispute
List of picks for 1998 Nobel Literature Prize is long and varied
Nobel Literature Laureates- the great and not-so-great: five picks
Nobel Literature Laureate says he is skeptical, reserved, and doesn't gush
Portugal basks in Saramago's honor. Vatican takes dimmer view
Nobel Laureate Saramago says other Portuguese writers deserved award
Deadline rule denied Nobel Peace Prize to Jimmy Carter in 1978
Three Americans, Furchgott, Ignarro and Murad, share Nobel Medicine Prize
Nobel Medicine Prize goes to three researchers on role of nitric oxide
Jose Saramago-first Portuguese to win Nobel Prize in Literature
Three American pharmacologists win Nobel Prize in Medicine
Likely Israeli foreign minister vows not to shake hands with Yasser Arafat
Seasoned warrior Ariel Sharon chosen to seek peace
Sharon appointment seen as "bullet of mercy" to peace process
Sharon appointment seen as "bullet of mercy" to peace process
Sharon called liar. His appointment deemed "tantamount to disaster"
Sharon appointment deemed "tantamount to disaster"
Palestinian negotiator says Netanyahu must say "yes" to West Bank pullback
Ariel Sharon, new Israeli foreign minister, is pugnacious to a fault
Netanyahu appointment of Sharon seen as effort to placate far right
Israeli Foreign Minister Sharon can make or break peace effort
IOC orders investigation of Salt Lake bribe charge
Salt Lake City vote-buying inquiry first ever for IOC
IOC rules limit any gifts and benefits to $150 per person
Top IOC official also claims vote selling in Atlanta and Sydney games
IOC official describes boast of millions to win games
Mayor of Nagano, Japan denies bribing IOC members to win games
IOC executive board member says he won't resign but might be expelled
Senior Olympic official "muzzled" by IOC President Samaranch
IOC President wishes corruption charges had come to board rather than press
IOC President Samaranch pledges expulsion of any bribe-taking members
Gaza International Airport to open. Who will be first arrival?
Gaza International Airport to open. Who will be first arrival?
Egyptian officials to be first arrivals at Gaza International Airport
Palestinians celebrate opening of Gaza International Airport
Palestinians celebrate opening of Gaza International Airport
Air service inaugurated between Gaza and Marka Airport, Amman, Jordan
Israel threatens to shut down Gaza Airport over security dispute
Israel threatens to shut down Gaza Airport over security dispute
Israelis delay two planes departing Gaza International Airport
Israeli officials delay two planes taking off from Palestinian airport
Gadhafi visits Tunisia; had to take land route because of UN sanctions.
Farrakhan visits Gadhafi; urged UN to lift sanctions for Lockerbie bombing.
Annan to go to Libya for meeting about Lockerbie bombing and UN sanctions.
Annan left for Libya for talks to put 1988 Pan Am bombing suspects on trial
Annan is in Libya to see Gadhafi about handing over 2 Lockerbie suspects.
Annan thinks arrangements to try Pan Am bombers will be secured soon.
Libya confirms its seriousness and readiness to solve Lockerbie problem.
Libya wants Pan Am bomb suspects to be jailed in Libya, if convicted.
Letter reaffirms Qatar's support of Libya's position on Lockerbie case.
U.S. and Britain vow to punish Pan Am bombers at 10 year memorial of event.
PKK leader Ocalan arrested on arrival at Rome airport; asks for asylum.
Turkey pressures Italy to extradite Ocalan. Kurds demonstrate in Rome.
Turkey wants Ocalan extradited; Kurds demonstrate solidarity across Europe.
Greek media and officials oppose extradition of Ocalan to Turkey.
About 1,500 Kurds on hunger strike outside hospital where Ocalan is held.
In Turkish prison, mob leader takes Italian prisoner hostage to get Ocalan.
Italian border crackdown to hold back Kurds flocking to Rome for Ocalan.
Kurds in Romania stage 1-day business shut down to protest Ocalan's arrest.
Visiting Austria, Turkish president need extra security due to Ocalan case.
Ocalan case first foreign policy test for new Prime Minister D'Alema.
Exxon and Mobil discuss combining business operations; possible merger.
Exxon-Mobil merger would reunite parts of Standard Oil broken up in 1911.
Exxon and Mobil may join because of plunging crude oil prices.
Exxon-Mobil merger talks show that corporate mergers are back in vogue.
Low petroleum prices, high cost of exploration motives for possible merger.
Exxon-Mobil talks continue; would be largest oil company; oil stocks rise.
Exxon, Mobil to consider merger Tuesday; news sent stock of both surging.
Low petroleum prices, high cost of exploration motives for possible merger.
Experts say a possible Exxon-Mobil merger would entail divestitures.
Mobil employee worries Exxon-Mobil merger would put thousands out of work.
House Speaker-elect Livingston forced to admit to colleagues past adultery.
Larry Flynt investigation forces Livingston to admit adultery to colleagues
Livingston calls on Clinton to quit; Democrats yell "You resign!" -- he does
Livingston resignation shocks House; says Clinton should follow his example
Livingston's surprise resignation puts pressure on Clinton to do likewise.
Livingston's downfall shows a breakdown in legislative civility.
House moves to impeach Clinton for perjury; calls on Senate to try him.
Even after Livingston quits, radicals and fanatics still want to impeach.
Livingston's revelation after rabid pursuit of Clinton shows hypocrisy.
TV commentators caught off guard by Livingston's resignation.
Zarya space station module is readied for unmanned launch from Baikonur.
Launch of 1st part of international space station "flawless", "success."
Zarya module orbiting Earth; shuttle Endeavor will rendezvous in 2 weeks.
Zarya space station module tweaked, working well; will be a space tugboat.
Endeavor astronauts prepare to join Zarya and Unity modules aboard shuttle.
First 2 building blocks of international space station successfully joined.
First 2 building blocks of international space station successfully joined.
2 Endeavor astronauts go on 2nd spacewalk to work on space station modules.
NASA, Russia decide not to change orbit of new space station; Nov. launch.
Russia's Zarya in orbit; will be joined by U.S. Unity module in 2 weeks.
At Ibero-American summit, leaders explore ways to avoid financial turmoil.
Latin leaders warn of possible global recession; Brazil plans austerity.
Brazil president to announce austerity measures to reduce budget deficit.
Brazil, IMF move closer to agreement on $30 billion rescue package.
Brazil president readies spending cuts and tax increases; part of IMF deal.
Cardoso to unveil full deficit-cutting plan next week; part of IMF deal.
Cardoso's economic efforts may depend on upcoming gubernatorial elections.
Commerce Dept. measures effects of global economic downturn on U.S. economy
Brazil, IMF talk; Brazil doesn't give concrete measures to reduce deficits.
U.S to commit several billion dollars of taxpayer funds to Brazil-IMF deal.
S. Korea says N. Korea could be producing plutonium in underground plants.
U.S. warns N. Korea not to waste chance for peace over alleged nuclear site
Clinton calls for full access to suspicious underground N. Korean complex.
N. Korea says U.S. pushes to brink of war over site inspection and talks.
Spy photos show possible N. Korean nuclear site; delegation going to check.
Possible nuclear complex may strain U.S.-N. Korean relations, stop aid.
N. Korea wants U.S. to pay maybe $300 million to see possible nuclear site.
N. Korea may have nukes, lobbed missile over Japan; no call for Kim ousted?
Clinton says N. Korean questionable site, missile firing cause for concern.
Clinton says recent events make N. Korea a major concern; meets with Kim.
Clinton supports candidates, speaks at fundraisers, acknowledges mistakes.
Democrat candidates try to contain effects of Lewinsky debacle on campaigns
Labor union backs N.Y. Democrat Schumer to keep Republicans from 60 seats.
Republican Congressional Committee sponsors deceptive fundraising calls.
Clinton is supporting campaign of Mary Boyle for Senate seat for Ohio.
Clinton is supporting campaign of Mary Boyle for Senate seat for Ohio.
House Republicans using idle time to get votes on topics good for campaigns
Sen. D'Amato sidesteps queries about Clinton impeachment on campaign trail.
Gay organization may back Republican D'Amato; prospect upsets Democrats.
Gay organization may back Republican D'Amato; prospect upsets Democrats.
Yugoslavia must cooperate with UN war crimes tribunal investigation.
Tribunal criticizes Belgrade for refusing to comply with its obligations.
Tribunal acquits Muslim military commander, but convicts 3 underlings.
Tribunal acquits Muslim military commander, but convicts 3 underlings.
Tribunal convicts 3 Muslim prison officials and guards, acquits commander.
Muslim commander acquitted by tribunal is greeted at Sarajevo airport.
Trial begins for Bosnian Serb nicknamed "Serb Adolf;" confessed to 12 kills
Serb Jelisic boasted of killings, used nickname Adolf, accused of genocide.
Serb forces in Kosovo suffer severe losses, take revenge against civilians.
U.S. forces in Bosnia arrest Serb general accused of Srebrenica genocide.
Israeli-Palestinian anger marks days before Clinton is to arrive for visit.
Netanyahu says Arafat making a farce of Wye River accords with violence.
Hamas denounces Clinton's upcoming visit to Gaza, but makes no threats.
Extra security ready for Clinton's Gaza visit; Hamas hasn't threatened him.
Violence precedes Clinton's Middle-East visit; trip may be causing unrest.
Israel, Palestinians disagree over Wye accord terms before Clinton's trip.
Violence, loss, fear for Israelis, Palestinians; Clinton -- impeachment woes
Clinton arrives in Israel, to go to Gaza, attempts to salvage Wye accord.
Netanyahu refuses to withdraw West Bank troops as stipulated by Wye accord.
Clinton will visit Gaza, the West Bank, Israel on 4-day trip in December.
Prodi loses Communist support; 2 1/2-year-old coalition could collapse.
Prodi will go to Parliament to save government; Cossutta quit as party pres
Prodi faces confidence vote; break with Prodi divides Refounding party.
Prodi lost by 1 vote; Scalfaro must decide -- new elections or new majority.
Prodi lost by 1 vote; Scalfaro must decide -- new elections or new majority.
Prodi loses, stays as caretaker; Scalfaro will decide what to do next.
Scalfaro talks with political leaders; try for consensus on new government.
Communist Refounding Party rejects 1999 budget; Prodi's coalition at risk.
Prodi goes to Scalfaro for help; budget needed for Jan. 1 switch to euro.
Prodi loses confidence vote; will stay as caretaker until new government.
3-5 people per week hurt by land mines in Chechnya; many victims children.
Heads of 4 kidnapped foreigners found in Chechnya; rescue attempt failed.
EU condemns slaying of 4 hostages in Chechnya; were telephone engineers.
Bodies of 4 decapitated hostages still missing; 1 kidnapper arrested.
Bodies of 4 decapitated hostages still missing; 1 kidnapper arrested.
Chechen vice president has video of 1 hostage claiming they all were spies.
Chechen prosecutor investigating the killing of 4 foreigners is abducted.
French UN official, hostage for 10 months, liberated on Chechnya border.
French UN official, hostage for 10 months, liberated on Chechnya border.
UN official held hostage freed unharmed; 3 kidnappers killed in operation.
Galina Starovoitova, liberal Russian lawmaker killed in St. Petersburg Fri.
Starovoitova, was to run for president, killed; aide seriously wounded.
Lawmaker gunned down; was member Russia's parliament, aide to Yeltsin.
Lawmaker gunned down; was member Russia's parliament, aide to Yeltsin.
100's mourn Democratic Choice party leader; Yeltsin to run investigation.
Starovoitova's killing may be watershed event; police have some evidence.
Aide conscious, talking to police; several suspects arrested in raids.
Starovoitova honored as martyr; to be buried alongside Russian heroes.
2 attackers kill Starovoitova; 1st woman in politics killed since Stalin.
Starovoitova spoke against extremism, anti-Semitism, financial corruption.
Apartheid expert says torturers and bombers will need counseling
African National Congress accused of human rights violations
ANC guilty of human of human rights violations in struggle to end apartheid
De Klerk threatens to sue, will not be accused of human rights violations
Mandela acknowledges human rights violations by African National Congress
Those accused of human rights violations could be brought to trial
Commission to withhold report implicating De Klerk in rights violations
Most human-rights violations carried out by former South African state
Commission report offers unique look into South Africa's violent past
New calls for amnesty in wake of Reconciliation Commission report
Two arrested, charged with attempted murder of openly gay student
Two arrested, charged with attempted murder of openly gay student
Hundreds march in homecoming parade in support of beaten gay student
Beating death of gay student sparks call for federal hate-crimes laws
Beating death of gay student sparks call for federal hate-crimes laws
Ad campaign by religious right seen as demonizing gays for political gain
Anti-gay float in homecoming parade results in suspension of seven students
Matthew Shepard eulogized as one who wanted to make people's lives better
Matthew Shepard eulogized as one who wanted to make people's lives better
Matthew Shepard eulogized as one who wanted to make people's lives better
Yilmaz pressed to quit; said to interfere in contract, help mob-linked man.
No-confidence motions lodged against Prime Minister Yilmaz; urged to quit.
Turkish Parliament will hold no-confidence vote Wed.; Yilmaz denies charges
Ecevit asked to form new government; former prime minister invaded Cyprus.
Ecevit tries to win support of Ciller, needed to form secular coalition.
Ecevit fails to form a secular government; Ciller refuses support.
Ecevit fails; Turkish president to ask another or wait to appoint cabinet.
President's next premier-designate likely to be widely trusted lawmaker.
Premier-designate Erez got backing of 2 key secular parties for coalition.
Ecevit, known for personal honesty, begins work to form new government.
Canadians fear Remembrance Day may bring anti-abortion rights violence
Slaying of Dr. Slepian, abortion clinic mainstay, will not stop abortions
FBI seeking to question James Kopp in connection with Dr. Slepian slaying
James Kopp named as material witness in slaying of abortion doctor
Federal authorities looking into conspiracy allegations in clinic slaying
Cadre of faithful keep vigil outside Buffalo's abortion clinic
Anti-abortion flyer in Canada may be related to Buffalo clinic slaying
Anti-abortion groups open homes to itinerant demonstrators
Attorney General to investigate slaying as part of an anti-abortion plot
Slain doctor supported women's right to abortion as a matter of principle
Deadliest Swedish fire ever kills 60 at teen-age Halloween dance
At least 60 killed at dancehall fire in Sweden's second largest city
Fire at teenage Halloween dance in Sweden kills 60, injures 180
Fire at teenage Halloween dance in Goteborg kills 65 and injures 157
Fire at teenage Halloween dance in Goteborg kills 65 and injures 157
Death toll at Halloween dance reduced from 65 to 60 in dancehall fire
Cause of fire at Swedish dance hall which killed 60 remains unknown
Fire in overcrowded Swedish dancehall kills 67 and injures 173, 20 severely
Emergency services to burning dancehall delayed by language difficulties
As identification of victims begins, experts seek cause of dancehall fire
Fans bonkers for Padres, 650 have heads shaved in radio promotion raffle
Yankee's Knoblauch receives ovation despite errors in previous games
Darryl Strawberry, recovering from colon cancer surgery, passes on Series
World Series to open in Yankee Stadium and the Yankees take on the Padres
Yankees set pitching staff lineup for first three games of World Series
Umpires who sent Yankees to World Series in playoffs will not umpire Series
Center fielder Bernie Williams future with the Yankees uncertain
Owner Joe Torre and family have high expectations for Yankees in Series
Martinez jokes about bats being from World Series trees as game 1 nears
Knoblauch and Martinez home run hits cinch Yankee's First World Series game
Agreement reached to provide prescription contraceptives to women
Clinton likely to veto measure to build road across Alaska wildlife refuge
Congressional Republicans, Democrats work to resolve issues on budget
Budget talks on 2000 census a sticking point for both sides of the House
Republicans, White House at odds on Education budget, budget delayed
Republicans, White House at odds on Education budget, budget delayed
Republicans, White House at odds on Education budget, budget delayed
Despite some disputes, final budget approval only awaits drafting
Budget surplus prevents agreement on a final budget resolution
Despite some disputes, final budget approval only awaits drafting
Bandages on Boris Yeltsin's hand because of minor burns
Doctors say Boris Yeltsin's health is "more or less normal"
Yeltsin's canceling Uzbekistan ceremony raises concern about his health
Doctors order Yeltsin to curtail Asian trip and return home due to illness
Respiratory infection cuts short Yeltsin trip to Central Asia
Yeltsin's poor health raises question about his ability to govern
Yeltsin defies doctors to go to Kremlin; but is politically weakened
Russian court to decide if Yeltsin could seek a third term
Russian court to decide if Yeltsin could seek a third term
Yeltsin cancels Asian summit trip; still plans to attend European summit
Microsoft, Netscape, Internet, antitrust, AOL, Spyglass, Windows, Gates
Start of Microsoft antitrust trail delayed by last minute new evidence
Microsoft browser vs Netscape central to basis for antitrust suit
The Microsoft antitrust suit is the most aggressive in a quarter century
The Microsoft antitrust suit is the most aggressive in a quarter century
Sherman Antitrust Act is basis for government case against Microsoft
Microsoft-IBM collaboration seen as start for building antitrust case
Microsoft-Netscape browser fight is heart of antitrust case
Sherman Antitrust act as basis for civil suit against Microsoft
Prosecution paints dark portrait of Bill Gates in antitrust trial
Suspects in US embassy bombings arrested in Dar es Salaam and New York
German police react to possible terrorist threats against US embassy
Osama bin Laden: US enemy, but hero to Islamic militants
Taliban accuses US of looking for excuse to attack Afghanistan
US gathering testimony for trial of bombing suspects
Afghan justice declares Osama bin Laden "a man without sin"
Editorial claims State Department ignored warnings of terrorist
Suspected US embassy bombers jailed in New York denied outside
Federal grand jury indicts Osama bin Laden in US embassies bombings
Lawyers for jailed bombing suspects claim jail conditions inhumane
Backed by Syria, Lebanon's army commander will be next President of Lebanon
Cabinet minister criticizes choice of military man for Lebanon's president
Constitutional change made for army commander to be Lebanon's president
General Emile Lahoud formally elected President of Lebanon
General Emile Lahoud formally elected President of Lebanon
PM Hariri expects fourth term but new president not quick to appoint
Political crisis in Lebanon as PM Hariri declines to form next government
Informal invitation to PM Hariri to form government for Lebanon declined
Hariri bowing out as premier after dispute with new Lebanese President PM
Hariri bowing out as premier after dispute with new Lebanese President PM
Hours before signing of U.S. human rights treaty, China arrests dissident
China exiles rights campaigner to U.S. to soften trial of noted dissident
China exiles rights campaigner to U.S. to soften trial of noted dissident
China sends two dissidents to jail for trying to organize opposition party
German Foreign Minister says China's arrest of dissidents is unacceptable
German Foreign Minister says China's arrest of dissidents is unacceptable
President Jiang vows to crush any challenges to Communist Party rule
China Democracy Party vows to campaign for change despite Jiang's warnings
China's arrest of dissidents could destroy China Democracy Party
U.S. policy of trade and diplomacy for democratic reform failing in China
